Searching 200 files for "alright" (case sensitive, whole word)

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/105748.female.26.Student.Scorpio.xml:
1253: Jennifer Chu is alright. She survived the explosion. Dot called her parents and they said that she was in shock but shes gonna be alright. Im trying to avoid the city these last few days. Im staying with my mother in Queens. Were all just trying to take it easy. Couple of days ago, the wind changed direction and the smoke from Downtown travelled to Queens. I left a window open that night and I woke up with a headache and a bad sinus. Almost like I had an allergy attack. I took some coffee filters and used it as a mask tieing it to my face with rubber bands. Thank goodness it rained, the smoke conditions have faded. Were all trying to get back to normal. Monday, will be the beginning of it. Oh and for those of you who are Jewish, Tuesday is Rosh Hassanah. The coming week is also the UN Assembly. Its gonna be a busy week for New Yorkers. I wish you all a safe week. ~Net (Cent)
1285: Greetings from NYC. Im okay. I woke up Tuesday and saw the second plane hit hit the other world trade tower! It was the worse shock that I ever saw with my own eyes. I tried to call my friend from Morgan Stanley and there was just busy signals. I watched the rest of the activity on television and saw both skyscrapers fall and after that I was in disbelief that this would happen in the city where I lived. I could not use my cell phone and the cable was disrupted for like 15 minutes there was no sound just pictures on the tv. Hope you friends and relatives are alright. My friend from Morgan Stanley, Jennifer Chu, is still missing. ~net
2997: APRIL: Friday Five is at fridayfive.org .. DAF: I've seen all of the movies that you listed except for Moulin Rouge , which for some reason or other Brian has no desire to watch. I, on the other hand, am a major Nicole Kidman fan. I'm anxious to see it. Perhaps I'll be able to convince Brian to rent it one day. We've got that rent-one-get-one-free deal at Hollywood Videos through the 15th of May, anyhow. I loved Bridget Jones Diary (very funny) and Rock Star (nostalgic).. Ice Age was okay. I didn't think it was nearly as good as Shrek . Tailor of Panama was alright. It put Brian to sleep. I actually stayed awake through the whole thing, but despite the merits of the story the movie had slowed down considerably at certain parts. I didn't find it as enjoyable as other similar Pierce Brosnan (spelling?) movies. By the way, in the process of installing chat, I came across a free web upload utility so I'm pleased to announce that Golden Sushi now boasts web upload compatibility! Hip! Hip! Hurrah! You won't need not install WS_FTP or CuteFTP.. You just need to click on the link and voila! Instant upload capability! Whooppee!
7812: Tornado Alley. I just heard in the news that tornadoes have touched down in Witchita Kansas. Hey Ching, are you guys alright? 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/106651.male.25.indUnk.Leo.xml:
3820: This...I just couldn't resist... Patience by Guns 'N Roses 1,2,1,2,3,4 (whistle) Shed a tear 'cause I'm missin' you I'm still alright to smile Girl, I think about you every day now Was a time when I wasn't sure But you set my mind at ease There is no doubt You're in my heart now Said, woman, take it slow It'll work itself out fine All we need is just a little patience Said, sugar, make it slow And we come together fine All we need is just a little patience (patience) Mm, yeah I sit here on the stairs 'Cause I'd rather be alone If I can't have you right now I'll wait, dear Sometimes I get so tense But I can't speed up the time But you know, love There's one more thing to consider Said, woman, take it slow And things will be just fine You and I'll just use a little patience Said, sugar, take the time 'Cause the lights are shining bright You and I've got what it takes To make it, We won't fake it, I'll never break it 'cause I can't take it (whistle) ...little patience, mm yeah, mm yeah need a little patience, yeah just a little patience, yeah some more patience, yeah need some patience, yeah could use some patience, yeah gotta have some patience, yeah all it takes is patience, just a little patience is all you need * I BEEN WALKIN' THE STREETS AT NIGHT JUST TRYIN' TO GET IT RIGHT HARD TO SEE WITH SO MANY AROUND YOU KNOW I DON'T LIKE BEING STUCK IN THE CROWD AND THE STREETS DON'T CHANGE BUT BABY THE NAME I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THE GAME 'CAUSE I NEED YOU YEAH, YEAH, BUT I NEED YOU OO, I NEED YOU WHOA, I NEED YOU OO, ALL THIS TIME ** (ah) 
4653: Crawl by Crawl Faces I remember So hard to see And places in a memory Hold on to me And I can't wait to crawl out of my shell Promises that tell me in a thousand ways Moving on forever Living life this way And I can't wait to crawl I can't wait anymore Cuz if I wait to long How am I ever gonna reach my destination? Now I know the time has come It's alright here Yea, it's all so clear to me Eyes, they open slowly It's so hard to see I've never seen an angel But i'm trying to believe And I can't wait to crawl I can't wait anymore I can't wait anymore I can't wait anymore... 
11742: O GIRLFRIEND In your arms I was happy as a little boy could be Taking pills and mellowing out Now I just want to shout For your love 'Cause I'm drifting further from you everyday Driving by your place every night I used to feel alright 
17267: I HATE BIOLOGY I guess I should be more specific. I hate the lab part of biology. First of all my class consists of 30 people. But the kicker here is that 27 of those 30, are girls. Of course this means the three guys are left to fend for themselves. But, one of the guys (who I think may be technically a guy with different "orientation") is friends with some girls, so he doesn’t deal with myself and the other guy. The last remaining guy, besides myself, probably sucks at biology just as much as I do. Now when that one guy shows up, I at least have someone to talk to for and hour and a half. But today, that bastard took the quiz in the morning and left early. So I'm there by myself. I feel like such a piece of meat. The next reason I hate the lab is a direct result of my inability to just do it. For some reason, I just can't mix test tubes and chemicals and all that crap. I can read the instructions word for word and follow each step PERFECTLY and still somehow screw it up. The rule I've adopted is the "three strikes" rule. If I screw up on one lab practice three times, I quit and move on. Without fail, my tubes are always different colors than everyone else's, or they fizz more than everyone else's. One day we screwed up so bad, the liquids in the tube were boiling...without a hot plate, the tube was scalding hot. It's really degrading. What’s worse is I can hear all the whispers and I can see it in those girl's eyes, "stupid meat can't mix a test tube." Yeah, that's what they're saying alright. So in this biology class, we're never getting out of the "microbiology" scale, which sucks. Give me a worm, a cat, a pig, and lemme cut it open. I can do that. I can memorize organs and functions. None of this chemical mixing with organic molecule shit. Finally I was talking to my teacher on the way out about why things go horribly array with my experiments. After listing off reasons that made me feel like I was two ("Did you use a clean test tube?" "Did you properly read the directions?" "Stupid meat can't mix a test tube?"), he asked me what my "major" was, to which I replied (and I don't know why I say it anymore) "film." His response was even better, "Oh... you're the film guy." He knew I was the "film guy" because on the first day of class we filled out surveys about ourselves. Anyway, he proceeded to tell me how I can benefit from biology in the film world. Needless to say it went in one ear and out the other. The teacher is classic though. If you recall from my semesters at Columbia , I had an environmental science teacher there who pretty much explained that "humans" were a form of pollution and that we're pretty much killing the Earth and we're all going to die. Happy class. I called that teacher, Dr. Death. Well now in this biology class, I have Dr. Death II. My biology teacher never goes a day without telling us about something we eat and how it can kill us. He seems to target fat people a lot, talking about McDonald's and how evil they are. Of course he mentions smoking and artificial preservatives. But, the man actually said, "Sure, go out and drink beer. Beer is better for your system than you think." Which really just says to me, "come to class drunk." And I still want a tattoo.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/106738.male.25.Internet.Leo.xml:
885: As a result of the previous post + idleness, I threw in a new link. Bottom left, between "feedback" and "uptime"...oh alright: here . Satisfy your stalking cravings even more and laugh at my pitifully low hit count (not bad since January 5th, really).

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/108212.female.27.Student.Taurus.xml:
1239: Jennifer Chu is alright. She survived the explosion. Dot called her parents and they said that she was in shock but shes gonna be alright. Im trying to avoid the city these last few days. Im staying with my mother in Queens. Were all just trying to take it easy. Couple of days ago, the wind changed direction and the smoke from Downtown travelled to Queens. I left a window open that night and I woke up with a headache and a bad sinus. Almost like I had an allergy attack. I took some coffee filters and used it as a mask tieing it to my face with rubber bands. Thank goodness it rained, the smoke conditions have faded. Were all trying to get back to normal. Monday, will be the beginning of it. Oh and for those of you who are Jewish, Tuesday is Rosh Hassanah. The coming week is also the UN Assembly. Its gonna be a busy week for New Yorkers. I wish you all a safe week. ~Net (Cent)
1271: Greetings from NYC. Im okay. I woke up Tuesday and saw the second plane hit hit the other world trade tower! It was the worse shock that I ever saw with my own eyes. I tried to call my friend from Morgan Stanley and there was just busy signals. I watched the rest of the activity on television and saw both skyscrapers fall and after that I was in disbelief that this would happen in the city where I lived. I could not use my cell phone and the cable was disrupted for like 15 minutes there was no sound just pictures on the tv. Hope you friends and relatives are alright. My friend from Morgan Stanley, Jennifer Chu, is still missing. ~net
2983: APRIL: Friday Five is at fridayfive.org .. DAF: I've seen all of the movies that you listed except for Moulin Rouge , which for some reason or other Brian has no desire to watch. I, on the other hand, am a major Nicole Kidman fan. I'm anxious to see it. Perhaps I'll be able to convince Brian to rent it one day. We've got that rent-one-get-one-free deal at Hollywood Videos through the 15th of May, anyhow. I loved Bridget Jones Diary (very funny) and Rock Star (nostalgic).. Ice Age was okay. I didn't think it was nearly as good as Shrek . Tailor of Panama was alright. It put Brian to sleep. I actually stayed awake through the whole thing, but despite the merits of the story the movie had slowed down considerably at certain parts. I didn't find it as enjoyable as other similar Pierce Brosnan (spelling?) movies. By the way, in the process of installing chat, I came across a free web upload utility so I'm pleased to announce that Golden Sushi now boasts web upload compatibility! Hip! Hip! Hurrah! You won't need not install WS_FTP or CuteFTP.. You just need to click on the link and voila! Instant upload capability! Whooppee!
7798: Tornado Alley. I just heard in the news that tornadoes have touched down in Witchita Kansas. Hey Ching, are you guys alright? 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/109656.male.36.LawEnforcement-Security.Pisces.xml:
690: More English trivial differences... People are always asking me if I'm alright? "You alright Ben?" It took me awhile to understand that they are just saying: How are you? or What's up? I'd get really strange looks when I would say "I'm fine... why?" I was figuring they had noticed something wrong with me. Also I'm told by loved ones around me that I have two looks in my way of dressing. One is a country bumpkin (that's my flannel and jeans look), the other is the old man look (that's my sweater, button down shirt, and dress pants). I was asked yesterday if I ever get stared at... I replied, "well... yes, but I thought..." (as I looked up to a room full of friends shaking their heads). I'm told that if I'm going to pick up an English bird then I've got to change my American look. Do I let others dress me and admit I look like a nerd? Do I stand my ground like a man and say, "Rubbish, I look fine."? or maybe I should just say, "I don't care what I look like, and then slowly transform on my own." Some suggestions to me were 1.) Cargo Pants... sorry, never going to happen; 2.) Leather... maybe a jacket, but that takes money that I don't have at the moment; 3.) Lighter weight, darker coloured (yikes my spelling is changing) sweaters without the collared shirt underneath....hmmmmmm, no. Damn it! I'm not a doll !!! I think, I'm just going to go with the flowered Moomoos, sandels, and perhaps a comfortable bonnet. 
1193: alright... I'm falling in love with this R.E.M. album me... It's just like old R.E.M. albums that I slowly fell in love with me....me...me...me.... why not? why? I don't know. It's just happening.... it's different from past R.E.M. albums, but that same slow love affair that grows more with familiarity and listening... listen... grow... me. I hated it... I hated it's slow forced melodies... I find me after a while of it.... me... why? I don't want my music to be that... so? who cares... I don't have to be that... My friend is still there though. I am still watching and listening to every friend the same way... doesn't matter how different... I'm still watching and I like. 
1721: alright, I'm starting to miss my daily Ned blog. Where has our hero wandered off to? Everyone needs their moment of peace and relaxation, but I'm a selfish person who needs his Ned fix! Ok... breath Ben.... Ned is a real person who needs the same things as you and everybody else does.... whewwwwwww... ok... I accept your absence Ned.... I'm ok with that. 
3052: Ween Dream - I was hangin' out with Jean and Dean Ween in their house with about 15 other people. Dean Ween's red-headed girlfriend was sitting in my lap and I was getting smirks from Dean's friends, but Dean himself didn't seem to mind. Everybody was very drunk and Jean suggested we get more beer. Jean and Dean and a few of their closest friends were rattling off jokes that everyone seemed to think were funny as hell, but I just didn't get them. I was always trying to get in the groove, so I could chime in and feel apart of the party, but I only ended up smiling and pretending that I understood the humor. After awhile of the confusing party I decided to lay down in a back room that happen to have my own bed in it without sheets or covers. I laid down on the bed and sighed from surviving my awkward party experience when I looked up to see Dean's girlfriend sitting on a bench at the door, closing her eyes looking tired and drunk. I moved over in the bed to let her know it was alright to crash next to me, but she opened one of her eyes and looked at the bed and said, "I don't think I can sleep with a man who can't take care of his own bed. " I shruged, turned over, and went to sleep. I awoke in another dream where I was with a catering crew delivering food to shops around the inskirts of a stadium while some unknown to me event was going on, but I could hear the crowd cheering. I was leading the group of six or seven caterers around to the different shops asking who ordered food, because we had lost our list of clients. We came to the end of a hall and I told the group I was going outside to take a break and that I'd be back soon. I went outside and found an acoustic guitar laying against a wall. I picked it up and wandered out near a ditch away from the stadium and belted off "Hard Days Night" better than I've ever played it. When I was done I heard some clapping from a few janitors by a back entrance and I smiled and walked back to my service entrance on the first floor. The catering crew was on the 3rd floor and I took the elevator up and stepped out of the elevator on the third, barely making it out before it drop back towards the first. Seeing the crew down the hall I started walking towards them and the dream ended. 
3808: Well, alright! I'm off of work for 10 days straight. Got all the RCI stuff worked out. I'll see ya in West Palm Beach on Friday night, John.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/114645.male.17.Student.Virgo.xml:
1466: Currently listening to: What's My Age Again? by Blink 182 ....and now my post.... Why does life have to be a roller coaster ride? Why are there mean people and why do they suck? I got some new hair gel, pomade actually, and it will be WAY easier on my hair. So I put it in and people think that I just got out of bed and didn't do my hair. WTF? It isn't hard like gel, but does the same thing as gel. It is like I can't change ANYTHING about my look or people freak out. This same thing happened when I bleached my hair. Hello people! I did this how many times last year! Please. But moving on to today's events: Today was interesting. Slow, but interesting. So let's start in French. We played Bloody Fingers, as we normally do, and I was picked like 4 from the end. Why? I dunno. People suck. Are you beginning to see a pattern? Then I went to Ground School. The one time I actually did the homework, by like reading the book; does Mr. Kelly ask us questions? NO! Ugh! Okay, then I went to American Literature where I forgot my book, AGAIN! Ugh. So we went over Rapaccini's Daughter by Nathaniel Hawthorne. What a BORING story. We ended up talking about how Ms. Nickels (my teacher) got her family stoned at Thanksgiving and action figures. How? I don’t know. Then Lunch. Lunch was alright I guess, except Kim kept stealing my chicken from my salad! Then I went to History. We are doing projects. We have been since last Monday. I went last Tuesday. I was so nervous. Joe told me that I stuttered. Oh well, I got an A. So I had to go to bank from Brummett for CloseUp (the program I'm in for going to Washington DC. More info soon!). So he told me to go to the bank. So I do. Is the banker there? No. Where is she? How the hell should I know? That racist bitch is NEVER there. So I did that then went back to history. Then I go to Math, and this is when the day gets interesting. I moved up because the dumb beaner who thinks she is black keeps telling us to "BE QUIET!" and stuff like that. So I move up, and does that bitch shut up? Hell no. Grrr. . But anywayz, we get to the end of class, so I go to the back of the room to shoot the shit with Joe and Asian Sean. So we are standing there talking, and I reach over and grabbed Sean's ass. So what does Sean do? I was thinking he would do it back, thus proving my point that he is gay, but NOOOOOOOOOOOO he reaches over and does the same thing to Joe. Joe is VERY straight. I have never seen Joe that pissed before. Not even when Justin called Meghan a whore. I was like HOLY SHIT! I hope Sean is gay, I would date him. And by date I mean corrupt, lol. Yea, then I go to French Aide and Leland asks me for my Verb book but I don't have it. I think he likes me, but my opinion doesn't count because I think "everyone is gay." At least that is what Meghan says. Well. I'm gonna go. Now you know why I say people suck.
1631: Currently listening to: Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring by Josh Groban ....and now my post.... Today was my first day back at school. Ever feel like you just need a break? Ever feel like you could just go AGH! And just yell at the world? Well that is how I currently feel, and I'm not quite sure why. I don't know if it is Ryan, or people in general or the stress with school or what. This weekend I was so happy, and then it just went downhill. So today was my first day back at school since two weeks ago. It was good to be back in the routine I guess. I missed seeing people I hadn't seen in a while, but mostly everyone was just ....there.... I don't know why either. I don't know if this new year was different or what. It just seemed different I guess. Anyway. In Physics we started a chapter on heat. FINALLY! A chapter with a subject I know! And it starts next semester, when grades go back to A's again. French comes next. In French I find out we have a test. JOY! How I love tests...... NOT! All we had to do was explain passe compose and translate sentences from French to English and conjugate verbs, like finir and aller. Wasn't it fun? Then I went to Aviation. We had to finish our test we started before break. Chapter 5 I think. So we started passing them out and Mr. Kelly went outside and came back in and told one of the other Ben's to go get a janitor, because someone had thrown up. It was him. Mr. Kelly blew chunks, well, not really chunks. More like acid and water. It was gross, and after 2nd people was WALKING in it! Ewww! Moving on...... Then I went to American Lit. Miss Nickels got a hair cut. It looks nice. We just talked about our review, and we gossiped mostly all period. It was fun. I love it when teachers talk and we get NOTHING done! It is great. Then I went to lunch. Lunch seemed, kinda ....off.... and I don't know why. I guess because Cripple wasn't there. But maybe it was just because it was cold. It was cold WITH my bomber jacket on. Then I went to history and watched yet more presentations. Vince's project sucked. He didn't even stay on the topic. Come on people. Then Joe did his. He did well. Would have done better with Power Point, but he chose not to use it. Oh well, I made my $20. Then was math and French Aide. Trystin wasn't here today. It sucked. But Leland was, but the ass didn't say hi to me. Well that is all for tonight. Oh and keep a look out for audio blogs. I will be posting soon. Oh, Nat, don't worry about the Vinni thing. Just call him, and everything will be alright. I promise! 
2241: Currently listening to: It's All Because of You by 98 Degrees ....and now my post.... So I am back from Denver. It was alright, except it was HOT! I went to the mountains to get cool, not HOT. It was gross. Anywho…I am back now. I went to Wet n’ Wild yesterday. It was fun. I got hella sunburned though. That kinda sucks. Anywho… I guess that is all. I might be doing voice posts more, now that they are free. Those thingies are hella cool. But yeah. Ronald Regan was laid to rest today. That was sad. It is my first, but not last, Presidential death and funeral. Mrs. Reagan looked sad and drained. I would be too if I had to mourn for a week. Gov. Arnold was at the burial in Cali. That was cool. Well I'm done.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/122217.male.37.indUnk.Leo.xml:
239: I wrote my bio today. It was for a company marketing vehicle. Have you ever been asked to do that before? Have you ever done it and not felt like an ass? Mine was kind of long. While I was writing it, it seemed alright. But when I finished and read it through once, it came across as kind of self-serving. So I made a few changes. The second run-through left me feeling pompous. So there were more changes. The third time, I thought to myself, "You are quite the ass." I know bio's-- especially ones you write about yourself-- are probably going to be a little self-serving. That's part of the privilege of getting to tell your side of the story. But I was annoyed with the attitude I projected. In the compression of a life from 30-odd years to 10 paragraphs, even modest achievements become little miracles. That's because there's no time for explaining how your best friend's cousin knew this person, who was a friend of someone in the business, who was able to put in a good word for you, and get you an internship at Company X. All of that becomes, "I went to work at Company X." It's almost as though you appeared in the lobby with doves, a halo and the voice of God: "This is my son, in whom I'm well pleased. Hire ye him." (To paraphrase the Holy text.) After I finished agonizing over it, I decided that in the future I won't worry about it anymore. I'll just be a pompous ass. In fact, I'm going to make it all up from now on. My new list achievements will include: 1) Knighthood by the King of Spain 2) A Grammy for Best Spoken Word Performance 3) Member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 4) Chairman, Pioneer High School PTO (well, it sort of brings me within reach of the unwashed.) 5) Iowa Pork Queen, 1996 6) Most Likely to Succeed, Harvard Class of 1989 and 7) Owner of Small Carribbean Island I feel better already.
878: I'm sitting in Cosi writing this... in the heart of the Philadelphia's gay district. Or whatever you call it. It's my first visit to the city and I must say it's not bad, although I like Washington better. But I've also been to Washington several times and so I'm probably letting my familiarity with the city cloud my judgment. Still, it's alright. I'm staying at the Marriott downtown, so it was a walk about 6 blocks or maybe less to get here from there. Next door is Caribou ... so there are some cool places from my past to make me feel comfortable here. I'm only here for a couple days... just a taste of the city. I'm making some work-related appearances. And I'm also here to moderate a media panel for Pridefest . That panel is tomorrow night, so I've been using a chunk of the day today thinking about issues to have the panel members discuss. The media coverage of the whole pedophilia thing will be a part of the mix. But my panel includes executives from MTV and Showtime , so we'll probably discuss gay and lesbian characters on shows like The Real World and Queer As Folk . And we'll also talk about the new gay cable network planned. Geesh, Chris is right: the #30 sandwich at Cosi is great! Turkey, cranberry, romaine lettuce... mmmmm. I know: how pathetic is this?!? It's 9:30pm on a Wednesday night and in a city with a bunch of great restaurants, I'm sitting in a coffee shop eating a sandwich. Truth be told, I ruined myself today with a late lunch at the hotel. And for room service, it was actually pretty damn good. OK, OK... yes once again in a city with so many good restaurants, I ordered room service at the hotel. I'm so damn lame. :)
1193: Thank goodness, we made it home without a big bag of leftovers. I love turkey and all the fixin's... but for the sake of my carefully controlled diet, it's best to limit the high-level calorie intake to one day, if at all possible. And it was a calorie fest yesterday. Dave's family is large and growing... and there was enough turkey, stuffing, potatoes, yams, and green bean casserole to feed an army. Yes, I said Green Bean Casserole. Yesterday, I predicted that this dish wouldn't make an appearance at the family event. I was wrong. We watched the Lions lose. Now this is something we could do on any given Sunday. I wasn't sure why it was necessary to set aside time on a holiday for it. But it's traditional. I mean it's traditional to watch the game... not that it's traditional for the Lions to lose. Well... hmmm... maybe it is. I ate the equivalent of a small house. How could I not?? I was telling Dave afterward that I love Thanksgiving for the food, even though the food isn't what most of us would call remarkable or innovative. In fact, it's the sameness of the food that is the draw... because it's the memory that's important when it comes to Thanksgiving. In many families, Christmas dinner is more innovative.. often drawing on ethnic traditions. In my family, there was no ethnic tradition. Christmas dinner was a repeat of Thanksgiving. Not that I'm complaining, necessarily. Dave made apple pie as his contribution to the family feast. He made it from scratch. No pre-made crust... no! It was Dave's creation... with some coaching from his best friend Laura. And it was good. The crust was flaky and perfect. "It's all in the Crisco," said Dave. Hmmm... had I heard that somewhere before? Our favorite party store had 15% off on wine yesterday... just in time for a little party Dave and I are giving tonight. I wish you could see this party store. It's general dilapidated condition reminds you of most party stores. But the owner is this guy who loves wine. He has a top quality collection and a wine club to boot. So we dropped about $100 on a few bottles last night. So... we've invited close to 60 people to this party tonight. But unlike our last party, where we invited 40 and got 60, we're expecting 25 at best tonight. Most people are away for the holidays. But that's alright with us. It's more just a low-key gathering for friends in the area who have... well... seen all of the family that they can stand to see. Know what I mean? Which makes me think... too bad all of us journalers and bloggers live so far apart. It would be so much fun to invite Chrisonomicon, Jockohomo, Jonno, Neohomo, Gary Jr., trcnyc and so many others. I'd mention Spin, except I will be seeing him today. He's seeing family in Toledo, so I'll be taking Dave's son down there today for a visit. Speaking of visits... I have a feeling there will be some more dispatches from Rick this weekend. I'll post them here as I get them.
1211: I love Thanksgiving week... because of the food... the shortened work-week... and did I mention the food? As someone who derives much of his nutrition from boxed and canned goods requiring little preparation... there's something deliriously intoxicating about eating a meal that involves multiple courses and hours of work. Particularly if someone else is doing the work. I do know how to cook and I'm not a bad cook. In fact, I enjoy it-- at least as a social experience. But cultivating an image of someone who is incapable of cooking has saved me a great deal of work over the years. Besides, for holiday gatherings like Thanksgiving... most people prepare the main dishes on site and ask the rest of us to supply the side dishes. And side dishes aren't my favorite. Well... I do love sweet potatoes. And I also love cranberries. I could do without the green bean casserole. It was only recently that I discovered the phenomenon of the green bean casserole with the french fried onions on top. We're talking 6 or 7 years ago... so I've yet to recover from the trauma. We never had it in my home when I was growing up. Now, I came from a home where liver was an accepted part of the dinnertime meal-- accepted by Mom, that is... not the kids. We ate brussels sprouts, spinach in great quantities. We ate a lot of green beans. We ate a lot of cream of mushroom soup. But those two ingredients never lay in a steamy embrace in a hotdish in my house. My first occasion to taste the classic green bean casserole with the cream of mushroom soup and the french fried onions was a potluck at work in 1996. The words "There is no God" come to mind as I relive that experience in all its frightening detail. The beans were lifeless, a mushy dark green swimming in a white slimy sauce, garnished with oily, soggy fried onions. Being the perservering midwesterner that I was... I finished every bit of the green bean casserole on my plate. Then I washed my mouth out with soap. Ever since then, I've watched people who eat green bean casserole very closely because I'm not really sure if they're actually swallowing it. I look for the colleague who politely excuses himself and heads for the restroom. Or the cousin who leans over discreetly to cough into a handkerchief. The Food Network show "Unwrapped" offered a segment on the "yummy casserole that all America loves to eat." But I noticed that none of the people professing their delight in the casserole gave their full name and address to the camera. "Unwrapped" is hosted by Mark Summers. I talked to Mark a couple years ago about his obsessive compulsive disorder. On camera, he sat next to a dish of the green and white gooeyness. He seemed alright but his left eye was twitching uncontrollably. Watching the piece, I learned that a home economist at Campbell's invented the dish in the 1950's. If you put two ingredients in a bowl and stir, have you really invented something? People give me a hard time because I don't like it. They call me a communist. They point out that I can't play euchre. Others try to win me over THEIR version of green bean casserole. They'll say "you won't believe how good mine tastes." Again, with just three principle ingredients, I'm thinking I can probably imagine it. This Thanksgiving, I'll be with my boyfriend (nickname: Big and Tasty). He's Hispanic and his large Mexican family produces some of the best food on this planet. I know it won't happen, but if I see even one can of cream of mushroom soup... I running from the house screaming.
1292: Only because I was sick. And am sick. And will be sick, perhaps, for a while longer. It came on quickly last night. D went to a Halloween party and I stayed home and slept. And got sick... and by the way... I'm not going to say more about this... but I HATE being sick. Anyway... after the incident, I felt much better and now I'm experiencing something like an annoying sore throat and stuffy nose. D and I made costumes for last night by pinning dozens of fabric remnants to our clothes. We planned to take Bibles and go as material witnesses . Get it? Material... well, we thought it was cute, if not totally funny. We nixed plans to go as snipers - too close to recent events; weapons of mass destruction - too involved, given the time we had for prep; and the axis of evil - somewhat old and no third person to join us. I've been thinking about a sentence I came across in a book I was reading yesterday. In commenting on his more straitlaced days, a man says, "I was too old when I was younger." I was always Mr. Goody Goody... the kid who never got in trouble for anything... the kid who never took any risks... the kid who never spoke up. I'm still some of things in some measures... we rarely make a complete personality turnaround. But I have a lot more fun these days. And I'm not afraid to speak up about things anymore. My boyfriend has helped bring out this new side of my personality... one of several ways in which this particular relationship has molded me. While I'm rambling on about a number of things, a note about rage . I was writing the other day about being frustrated and feeling something is wrong. On this general theme of frustration and such, my friend Matt wrote to say that he's feeling the same kind of thing... except it's more of a rage. He's angry at how work interferes with his personal life. I have that problem, too... work that never seems to end. Most of the time, I try to take over and just end the work because I want time to myself or with my boyfriend. But it's hard to do because, like many people I know, I have one of those jobs where the work could go on forever. It's not like a factory job where, once the car is finished, it's finished. I study books and articles so I can ask people questions about them. There's no one to say alright your studying is done . You can always study more. I guess what I need is someone to tell me I'm finished. This situation upsets me, although it's less of a feeling of rage and more a feeling of sadness. Not that I don't ever experience anger. It's rare for me... and even more rare for me to express anger. But I do feel it... and I'm never exactly sure what to do about it. For instance, I feel a lot of anger toward my boyfriend. I could argue that it's not hard to have these feelings... given all we've gone though over the past year. I'm not talking about the kind of anger where one never wants to speak to someone again. I've never felt that. But I guess I feel this anger toward D as a kind of balance along with the obviously very strong emotional attraction I have to him. I think if that kind of stuff were left unprocessed... it would lead to a pretty f*cked up relationship. But I've considered this anger and weighed it carefully. It was at the forefront of my mind as I urged him to move to Chicago a couple months ago. I thought about often as he and I talked over the ensuing weeks. He would write to say he missed me and I would say that I missed him, too, and I would also think of that anger. And when we talked about him moving back and us getting back together... I thought about that anger for a long time. But in the end, I decided I wanted him. I wanted him and needed him... and the anger is now intertwined with the intense love and closeness I feel to him. I continue to process it and the ultimate goal is to purge it, I think. But that takes time... and while I wish feelings of anger died as quickly as love seems to spring to life, that's one of the things that makes life interesting.
1895: Actually an explosion of work this week is keeping me busy... and I cut my left index finger today, which is annoying. I have a bandaid on it, which is alright except that the bandaid prevents me from executing the very fast 3-4 finger typing method I'm known for using. I cut my finger with a knife, which is how I always cut my finger. By that I mean, every time I play with a knife I cut myself. I've pretty much accepted it now so that if I pick up the knife and it crosses my mind to play with it, it also crosses my mind that I'm going to cut myself. This is convenient because it saves me the surprise that I might feel after cutting myself-- an unnecessary emotion since there's no surprise... because I always cut myself. Alright... moving on. Here's cheap wine that's not in a box, bottle with a screwtop or some old animal skin. The New York Times says the Charles Shaw line of wines sell for $1.99 at many Trader Joe's stores... where they're known as Two Buck Chuck. How does it taste? Let's ask NancY TIMES: relatively dry for inexpensive wines. This puts them in competition with more sophisticated table wines rather than the bag-in-a-box wines. The cabernet is light, pleasant and easy to drink and has little varietal character. Nondescript would not be too harsh a characterization. Nothing wrong with that: wine is supposed to accompany food and Charles Shaw will do that quite adequately. Another job prospect materialized today... yawn. In entertainment news, I'm going to see Kinsey Sicks tomorrow night. I hadn't planned to do such a thing... but it's a benefit for our regional LGBT paper , I have friends going, they urge me to believe it's funny, and thus far, I believe them. If they're wrong, I'll enjoy crafting a special punishment for both of them. The punishment won't be as enjoyable as it could have been... if only I hadn't cut my finger. My friend Matt and I have decided-- you know, here's the deal. Two years ago, I had one good gay friend named Matt. Life was simple, gas was cheaper and the dumpy looking guy with the big mustache ruled Iraq. A year later, being pleased with the friendship I had with Matt, I decided to acquire another Matt. Recently, I took a third good friend named Matt. And it's the third Matt who is causing trouble. Not him personally, his name. I don't want to have to use last names, or initials, or Matt the Tall or make sly references to endowment... so I'm going to call each one of them Matt. It's easier that way. For me. My friend Matt and I have decided to read a book together this summer. Not literally at the same time. But I guess it will be our own little book club kind of thing. We're going to read Bleak House . For those of you wondering, it's not about living with my roommate. It's a classic novel by Charles Dickens. I read it years ago, but it's worth reading again. It could be fun to read it and talk about it with each other. It could also turn out to be the most annoying thing we do all summer. I'm hoping that it's the former.
1985: What a great time to recharge! LOL whatever. :) Most of us anymore hope for a little bit of recovery. Recharging might be too optimistic a term for it. Actually, it's been an alright weekend, thus far. Got up early this morning, read the paper, worked out, took care of some errands... now I'm sitting here at the lapper listening to the great new mix CD I got from a hot, young Canadian . This disc is destined for the changer in the new truck. Speaking of reading (was I?), I finally had the chance to read Frank Deford's scathing piece on Kirby Puckett in Sports Illustrated. One hell of a sad story about a reprehensible man who has been so loved by millions of baseball fans. Stars can never live up to what we expect them to be. But when the reality is so divorced from the perception, it's truly sad. My neck got about 30 minutes of careful attention from a massage therapist yesterday-- enough to relieve the worst of the tension, although it's not erased the pain and discomfort. Still, I did get more range of motion... enough that I could get back to the gym this morning. I'll be checking in with my doctor in the next few weeks about this... and maybe I'll talk to a chiropractor, too. Here's why I'd probably not enjoy being President. For all the moments of leadership opportunities, being decisive, having access to intelligence... there are moments like this one. The New York Times reports on a meeting with Iraqi-American dissidents at the White House yesterday. Rahman al-Jebouri, a writer, said that he had a scar from a cigarette burn on his hand from Iraqi authorities who disliked one of the stories he had written. He also urged the president to reserve a place in a future government for those Iraqis who did not necessarily speak proper English. "Doesn't matter if your English is not all that good," Mr. Bush replied. "Some people say mine isn't either." Later in the meeting, Dr. Adil Awadh, who said he had been an intern in an Iraqi hospital in the mid 1990's, told the president that he had seen thousands of Iraqi opponents to Mr. Hussein have their ears cut off as punishment. Dr. Awadh said that some of the victims could no longer wear glasses and asked the president if they could be offered cosmetic surgery after the war. "Well, I appreciate you bringing that up," the president replied. "It's an interesting idea." Dr. Awadh then told the president, "If you treat some of these earless victims, this will help the Muslim world understand you better." Mr. Bush left the meeting immediately after the last exile had finished. 
2084: So I saw him again tonight at the bar. My ex and I were there, having dinner... and when I looked up, he was staring back at me from over at the bar. He has incredible eyes... the dark skin of someone with African-American and Latino heritage. I said hi as he walked by and watched him go to the upstairs bar. Last time, I sat downstairs feeling all conflicted. I'm so fucking shy that I can't go upstairs because I don't know what I'm supposed to say. So I left. This time, I figured I could leave... but it would be such a cop out. Dave played the good friend and went upstairs with me for a while, then took off. His name is Juan. He has beautiful eyes. He has a nice sense of humor, a lean, lightly muscled body, he's easygoing. But it's his eyes. When he pulls out a cigarette, I look in his eyes and they're smiling back at me. Puff. Fuck. Oh well... Monogamy/Open Relationship Redux Thanks to everyone for the email thoughts on the issue. I've received a lot more in the past day or so and there has been some good writing about the topic on other weblogs. The topic surfaces from time to time, but I think that's alright. It's worth taking the time to think about your own position... and the positions others have. But there's one thing that bothered me about all of this-- and I know it bothered some of you, too: the tone of defensiveness, moral superiority and occasionally outright belligerence from some who wrote. I suppose some gay men feel under attack for their stand, whatever it is. Others are quite smug about their choice. One reader wrote today: I felt attacked for not being 100% monogamous. It bothered me that people would think our relationship is somewhat less because we've had a few free radicals along the way. Maybe it's because I wouldn't consider thinking that about someone in a monogamous relationship. I don't think more or less of couples who agree to only have sex with one another. I just assume that that's what makes them happy or they wouldn't be in that particular relationship. I think if we're going to ask for tolerance and respect from society at large then we need to expect the same from each other. We have our own particular views on the issue... which we arrive at because of life experience, the way we were raised, etc. Then there's our partner, who has his own life experiences, needs and expectations. And then there's the dynamic between the two individuals. Some guys will always be monogamous; some will always pursue forms of open relationships; some will more open with one boyfriend, monogamous with the other-- the chemistry will determine what works. I've been in a rewarding monogamous relationship; in a troubled and dysfunctional one; in a difficult open relationship. My next relationship might be monogamous... or it might be one in which my boyfriend and I occasionally meet a third. Personally, I don't think one kind of relationship is better than the other. Whatever our choice, it's the result of the matrix of strengths and weaknesses we find in ourselves and in our partners. Let's choose wisely. That's the key for me... coming to an understanding of myself, learning from experience and avoiding past mistakes.
2849: I'm back home in the capital of Iowa for a few days. Des Moines looks better each time I come back. The city is in the midst of a massive transportation rebuild. The beltway around the city is done. But the freeway through the capital is getting a long-awaited refurbishing. The the Martin Luther King Jr. Parkway is finally coming alive. The planners originally constructed it by piecing together a web of streets downtown. It was nice to give it one name, but it was basically a zig-zag pattern of other streets. Now, at last, a real parkway is taking shape. Downtown is also taking shape... albeit slowly. But let's face it. The kind of sidewalk, loft, coffeehouse, micro-brewery culture everyone wants takes years to develop. Important pieces are in place... but it's still pieces. Jane Jacobs was right. It's an organic process. The city is all aflutter this month over hipness . The October issue of Fast Company names Des Moines the hippest city in America. Are you sitting down? I bet you are now. Ok, pay attention first while I explain and then we'll start ripping this one to shreds. Fast Company likes the cultures of some of the city's largest companies. Yes, Principle Financial Group and some insurance giants offer good jobs and geat benefits. Housing is cheap. Schools are good-- particularly in the suburbs. People are friendly... uh huh. So, admittedly, a different definition of hip. Or maybe in these post go-go stock market times, we're rediscovering the truer, more earthy hipness. Kind of nauseating, isn't it? Des Moines is not hip. But that's alright. A friend of mine weighed in on the issue in his column in today's Register. His take: we're not hip... and we really don't care. Kyle writes, "As a rule, Iowans simply refuse to live up to the notions of hip or cool. We've visited [the] gleaming bastions of culture... and we've been content to return to our quaint farmsteads. Not because we're provincial, [or] rubes. We just don't care." He concludes that not caring is the ultimate in hip. Actually, no it's not. The bottom line: Iowans aren't hip. They never have been and they never will be. But they are useful; they provide an amazingly large portion of our food, grown on some of the world's most fertile soil. They're good people, decent people. They're less conservative and more concerned about social issues than you might think. And that's it. What's wrong with that? They'll always feel a little inferior. They'll always turn up their nose at the cultures of the coasts, calling it shallow and fickle. And they'll always latch on to any recognition those cultures give them as some kind of proof that they're not all that provincial or unimportant after all. That's the kind of culture I come from. I'm dealing with it just fine, thanks.
3317: where terrorism is an ever present threat, there's nothing like a cup of hot cocoa to make one feel as though at least their little corner of the world is ordered and tranquil. Unless the coffee you use to prepare said cocoa is pure shit. The coffee we're supplied with at work is named for the company I work for. That's Red Flag #1. It's a "special blend" that comes to us in large bags that we put in the freezer. In the morning, I ladle out 8 scoops for our "Ultra-Maker" and after exactly 7 minutes, it produces a beverage that looks exactly like coffee but tastes like the trough at Blow Buddies on Wet Wednesday. I try to focus on the positive and put two packets of Swiss Miss in the cup. That cuts the noxious acidic taste and if you don't think that this might be what piss tastes like with 2 packets of Swiss Miss, you're fine. As a liberal, open-minded kind of person, I feel the need to state if you do make your cocoa with urine, it's alright. By now, it's become apparent that-- once again-- I have nothing to do at work and here I sit working up a post about making a tasty beverage with pee. I'm finally excited about Christmas. My good friend Chris is coming home from DC for a few days. I'll do Christmas Eve with Chris's family, eating a stunning quantity of Italian food, and drinking good wine and enjoying each other's company. Chris's parents are very important to me. They're kind of the parents I never had. And since my parents are still aghast at the thought of their son, The Sodomite, spending Christmas with them, I go to Chris's parents' place and there I'm treated like family. Christmas Day we'll be at friends. I'm even going to get some presents!
3938: He's a ghost from my past. We broke up a year ago... ended all ties in June. And now he's back. Yesterday, I stopped at the bar to grab a bite to eat between classes and there he was, in the corner, having a drink with a friend. It's alright. We share many of the same friends and hangouts. We're thrown together often, for events and when we socialize in public. All is perfectly civil, if quite chilly. I slipped into a seat at the opposite end of the restaurant. A couple minutes later, he slid in next to me to say a word about his seven year old son. Whenever I hear his name, the sun comes out from behind the clouds. The boy asks about me, wonders where I am. What to say? I feel like we're a divorce case or something. Well, this is probably the way it is when there's a breakup involving a child. Would I want to hang out with the kid sometime soon... see a movie? You bet your ass. "Then why don't we get together to talk about that this week," he said. Fuck. Do I have to go through one to get to the other? I don't feel guilty or even a little bad for what happened last year. I've already written here that only two things bother me: that I had to end a friendship as well as a relationship; and that I was so naive and stupid as to have entered that doomed-from-the-beginning relationship in the first place. Last summer, I walked out out of the room and closed the door on all that shit. The room is quiet now. Inside, one's eyes grow accustomed to the gloom. Sheets cover all the furniture; the conceit being that it must be protected so it can be used again. All is quiet. But there are ghosts... of myself, my ex-boyfriend, our life together, his son. Am I ready to open the door and began the inventory of what's inside? It's not a question of going back to the relationship. I tried that before. But the question has always been whether the broken friendship could be mended. I've always said yes, in time. Is it time? There's another alternative - hashing it out in stages, allowing friendship to return slowly. Is now the right time for that? I'm not entirely sure.
4226: Watching how people behave when they break up is fascinating. Watching how the other people watching them behave is even more fascinating. I'm an observer in the breakup that one of my best friends is going through. What interests me most right now is how people behave in a breakup and how different interests line up. So wander with me through this little tale, which I think says much about the human condition and maybe something about the gay community. Let's briefly set the scene: the story, as always, begins before the breakup. One party, my friend, whom I am calling Mark, after a long period of difficulty and talks with his boyfriend, we'll call him Joe, has arrived at the conclusion that the issues they don't agree upon are so fundamental as to make continuing their long-term relationship difficult, if not impossible. They began a new set of talks, edging toward the breakup. Mark compares it to the Olso Peace Accords, and I think he believes Oslo was less contentious. They have a lot of things to work out. Not just how they will try to be friends and colleagues afterward, but also the myriad financial details, etc. that make breaking up so complicated. There's your backgrounder. Last week, Mark told three individuals outside his closest circle about the breakup, which had occurred a few days earlier. Two were good friends whom he greatly respects and he thought it would be good just to have them hear it from him than from someone else. The third person was a mutual friend of his and Joe's, but probably more in Mark's "camp." Two days later, Joe walks into the bar and, apparently, is greeted by a chorus of sympathizers, all of whom have heard of the horrendous breakup, and want to commisserate, etc. Joe is surprised at this, as is Mark because he told an older gay couple who are unlikely to say anything. But, he had told that other friend, who has, in the space of 48 hours, managed to spread the tale far and wide. Did I mention that Joe walked into the bar with a date? Yes, 4 days after the breakup, 2 days after people started finding out, he shows up with a boy and no one, as far as I can tell, raised an eyebrow. When Mark told me all this, I could do little more than laugh. Here he had gone to great lengths to protect all parties, while Joe walks into the bar, date on his arm. Actually, he went two nights in a row with the same date. Joe himself confirmed this because he was anxious for Mark to know all this, just in case he hadn't already heard it from approximately 1,340 friends. I'm not going to go negative on anyone here. Nor will I moralize any further. What I find most interesting is the power dynamic at play. If you are the person doing the breaking up, you are at a disadvantage most of the time, unless you are emerging from an abusive relationship. If it's not abusive but still bad, you can make the decision to get out and people may be positive to your face, but the majority of them will put you in a negative light in the gossip they tell others. We have a template that we work against when a couple breaks up. Gay or straight doesn't affect this, except that the gay community arguably utilizes gossip more than the majority het community. The template is that the person who breaks up is bad and the person who got broken up with is good. Think about how many times you've seen this play out. The good person gets extra sympathy, sad looks, pats on the back. And yes, the aggrieved person can even walk into the bar, in front of all his friends, with a date half his age, two days after the breakup, and no one will say a word about that behind his back. Yet Mark is concerned about going to the same public places alone because of what people will say to his face or behind his back. I love this. It's how we humans behave and so it's almost beyond judgment. But here's what I really love... how people react when the template doesn't fit. Almost two years ago, a guy I was dating broke up with me. We had dated for only three months and we could see that we were going to be better as friends and not as a couple. We broke up and while it was a little messy, it was alright, as breakups go. The guy and I continued to be friends and we continued to hang out all the time in the gay community. People who were friends of both of us didn't seem to know how to handle it. When one of us was hanging out, they would come up and be all solicitous and offer encouragement and a veiled, negative reference to the other person. Sort of staking their position as being on your side. The same people did this to both of us; we compared notes. The first times they saw us together at the bar after we broke up, chatting away in a nonchalant manner, they would approach but you could see the uncertainty on their faces. Whose side should they be on? Had we truly broken up? Why were we getting along? It was like the breakdown of some kind of social order. Which is what it is, I think. These templates we use to navigate our way through life, love and friendships aren't bad. But maybe we're too dependent on them. Especially in the gay community, where the importance of gossip as a communications mechanism makes this template a kind of iron law.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/132808.male.24.Technology.Gemini.xml:
117: It's been a while since I've said anything, and that might have something to do with Miami crazy ATF-ing against Houston last week. I'm just glad I wore my Ricky Williams jersey on Friday, cause there's no way I'm wearing that thing until at least next Sunday. I have my picks, but instead of showing all of them, I'm gonna do a little segment called, "Nexus Terror?? More like Nexus Error!!" It will be the four games I most strongly disagree with the Nextser on. Wow, this is guaranteed to make me look really stupid at some point or another. Cleveland @ Baltimore - Gotta go with Cleveland. Kyle Boller is only in his second game, and William Green is due to bust out. Maybe not against Baltimore, but I still can't bet on a rookie QB with no recievers to help him. Pittsburgh @ Kansas City - In Priest we Trust, baby. The man's back, and with Trent Green, Boa and Gonzalez and an improved defense and home field? I smell an upset. Washington @ Atlanta - I don't have much faith in this one, but I promised four, so here it is. Coles vs. Price = Draw. Dunn/Duckett vs Canidate/Betts = Atlanta. Brookins vs Arrington = Washington. Bailey/Smoot vs. Buchanan/whoever = Washington. The kicker would have been Vick vs Ramsey to give Atlanta the win, but he ain't here. Look for the Jetskins to shine again. Chicago @ Minnesota - You're gonna hear a whole lotta Culpepper to Moss in this one. Kordell Stewart? Slash? Kordell's slash alright. Kordell sucks/blows/couldn't find an open reciever if he was sleeping with his wife/... you get the picture. Also, and this'll probably piss Russ off, but look for Houston to maybe be 2-0 by the end of the week. Why? New Orleans has lost 4 regular season games in a row since last year, losing to such perennial Super Bowl contenders Cincinnati, Carolina, Minnesota and Seattle. Oh, and this weeks tip: If you decide to get into a UFC fight with one of your buddies, do everything in your power to make sure it's not the one who's father is a seventh degree red belt and one of the scariest men in all of Manitoba. 
792: Well here we go the season has officially started and all I can say is WOW. A rookie-laden squad rolls into Calgary and rolls ove a team filled with veterans. Many great preformances by many rookies but the two players that stood out were Jon Ryan who scored 23 of the 29 points the Blue scored. With a punting average of 53.5 yards on 8 punts including two thundering booms of 81 yards and 72 yards. After missing his first field goal attempt from 35 yards he then went on to kicked field goals from 25, 27, 36, 44, 37 and 31 yards. The second was Travis Ortega who had one interception and two fumble recoveries. As for the quarterback situation all qb's that played had an alright night Kevin Glenn had a shaky start having trouble getting into the groove but ended his day 5-14 with 61 yards , Brian Stallworth completed 4 of 9 for 56 yards but the one that stood out the most was rookie quarterback Tom Denison who threw for four of six for 46 yards. But even tho it is only the first pre-season and first game of the year the bombers offence still had some trouble scoring points. With 9 turnovers they only scored one touchdown a one yard plunger by Chris Cvetkovich. The Offence has alittle work to do in order to score when it counts but is coming along nicely. The Defence has picked up exactly where it left off(before the playoffs) last year execpt this time around with younger players. After tonight at 11 pm (bomber time) the roster must be cut down to 50 players so look back tonight for a full report on who has been cut. The next Bomber game is June 10 at CanadInn Stadium against the B.C Lions kick off at 7:30 pm. On an un-related note... R.I.P Ronald Reagan Who passed away yesterday at the age of 93. Ronald Reagan 1911-2004

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/133604.female.23.indUnk.Capricorn.xml:
117: Today was boring day. I got up at like 5:30 thanks to a certain someone IMing me. Also this certain person sort of bummed me out too. Oh well, on with the rest of the day. Today in my Intercultural Communications class we had to get some ideas for what movie we are going, so I just said I'd think I might do Disturbing Behavior. Hopefully it will go ok, and I'll do good on the paper. Then my other classes I almost slept through. I had lovely chicken strips with ranch dressing today for lunch. Then took a long ass nap. I didn't wake up till Saved By the Bell came on at 4. Man I'm good at waking up at the right time huh? Tonight I'm taking the test for radio. I hope I kick ass on it so I can get the time slot I want for my show. If you have any request of songs I should play let me know. I might not have the CDs of the bands you people like though. I shall try my best though. I'm really getting into the new Lit CD, I know it's not that new anymore but it's still fairly new. A lot of great songs are on that CD. And No, I'm not really getting into the CD because of who bought it for me, It's just that it has a lot of great songs on there. I also made a lovely little card for someone, alright it's not a card but it means well, but I'm sure the person will enjoy it. Hopefully the person whose coming to go pick things up this weekend will actually come, because if he doesn't then I'll be mad and one person might be upset they don't get my lovely gifts, letters, and cards. Well that's all I have or right now 
288: Well this weekend was an interesting one. I went with my friend Julia up to San Jose, because I was sick and tired of them supposed people saying "Oh I'm coming down there" and blah blah blah. I did what I said I was going to do and if the pictures work, there is my proof I was there. Finding a motel/hotel was a bit hard, but we eventually found one. It cost me about 100 bucks for one freaking night but oh well. I didn't see this supposed house these people live in our anything except their freaking school. I really feel like a total idiot now, and the most gulible person in the world. Everyone thought that I was joking when I said I was going to come up there. What am I to people some big freaking joke? I don't think so at least when I say I'm going to do something or go and do something, I do it and you can't take my word for it and take it to the bank, unlike you people who say you are going to do something and you don't. At least I can look myself in the mirror and say hey my word is good and I keep to my word. You can put it all off on me all you want. You can say I was the idiot cause I didn't have an exact address, or it's not safe to do. San Jose is not as bad as most places I've been to. In fact San Jose, at least the part you all live in, is tame very tame. But I did what I said I was going to do and now I have nothing left to prove to anyone or anything. It's all over now and that's all I have to say for now. Now I'll leave everyone one with some final lyrics "Flake" Jack Johnson I know she said it's alright But you can make it up next time I know she knows it's not right There ain't no use in lying Maybe she thinks I know something Maybe maybe she thinks its fine Maybe she knows something I don't I'm so, I'm so tired, I'm so tired of trying It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go And often times we're lazy It seems to stand in my way Cause no one no not no one Likes to be let down I know she loves the sunrise No longer sees it with her sleeping eyes And I know that when she said she's gonna try Well it might not work because of other ties and I know she usually has some other ties And I wouldn't want to break 'em, nah, I wouldn't want to break 'em Maybe she'll help me to untie this but Until then well, I'm gonna have to lie too It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go And often times we're lazy It seems to stand in my way Cause no one no not no one Likes to be let down It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go The harder that you try baby, the further you'll fall Even with all the money in the whole wide world Please please please don't pass me Please please please don't pass me Please please please don't pass me by Everything you know about me now baby you gonna have to change You gonna have to call it by a brand new name Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me down Just like a tree down by the water baby I shall not move Even after all the silly things you do Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me down 
1578: LIAR COUNTDOWN 66 DAYS You know you people, and I know you are checking my blog out because you do that and I know you do, the longer you wait to speak up and say something to me the more I get to think about how to make you pay for what you have done to me. Because you are just allowing me more time to think and dwell on what you did so the revenge because evil and more evil every day you run and hide like the little 3 year olds that you are. Also if one of you two guys or even gay tyler was the one who called my cell phone and left a voice message saying "oh my god......... alright" then hanging up. One you know you shouldn't be calling my cell phone when I'm not even in the state. Two you still owe me money. Three don't even give me that kind of crap ass attitude on the phone that is just asking for me to kick your asses. Which ever one of you that did that, and I know it had to be one of you two guys since no one else knows my number, you are so going to get it. Do not put more wood in an already burning fire, that's just stupid unless you are trying to commit suicide. Which I guess apparently is a thing all of you must like doing or something. Also it's not nice to say god's name in vain. Yeah I might not be as religous as you people say you are, oh wait that could be a lie too hmm whatever, but I don't go saying " oh my god" all the freaking time. Wait is that saying god's name in vain, i don't remember but still you shouldn't freaking use god's name in that way. That is all I have to say for now. Have a Nice Day 
2413: "I needed to get a big car because I'm not that great of a driver." If someone said that to you, wouldn't you be scared out of your skin to have that person on the road, let alone drive around in a tank? But that's precisely what has happened with the proliferation of SUV drivers who are of Asian descent (yes, that includes my family also, I currently practice my driving for my driver's liscense with my mom's SUV cause we don't have any Camrys or small sedans like that). The person who made that frightening proclamation was a relative of mine. Maybe you've seen her or someone like her on the road small, nervous woman who barely reaches the dashboard and has an incredible lack of any driving etiquette. I'm not disparaging all Asian drivers, but I do believe stereotypes exist because for the most part they're true. Or are they? Believe me, there are plenty of bad Asian drivers out there (me being one of them cause I just got my permit almost a month ago), and the worst part now is that they're one of the fastest growing population of SUV buyers. I mean, nothing is less sad than to witness my fellow Asian drivers getting themselves in driving problems. I once saw a young Asian woman having problems parallel parking her car on the end of the sidewalk, where there was plenty of room and only a car behind her to back up against. How did she pass her driving test?! But there's one thing between a bad Asian driver behind a Toyota Corolla and another behind a Ford Excursion, and that is the victim count. You could mow down probably one or two people with the Corolla, but with the Excursion the victim count could be as high as ten. Is that what attracts Asians to these killing machines? I had my own father tell me he wanted an SUV or a big truck because if he were in an accident with a small car he would be alright since the big car could crush the smaller car. That word "crush" is quite devastating, and for my father, a typical small Asian man, to say that he'd feel better if he could come out alive from an accident because he crushed the other car... well... something is just really wrong with the world. I once went to a car dealership with my dad to test drive Lexus SUV to see what the appeal was, and one of the selling points that my salesperson tried on me was that an SUV could drive over a small car. I thought car salespeople were low, but to sell me on the point that I could kill someone with my car was so low I'm sure he'll reach hell with no problem. So why are Asians so attracted to SUVs? Is it because they're big? Is it because they're so useful because Asians are known to be such avid skiers and mountaineers? Is it because they're so environmentally friendly? No, the answer lies in a more sinister explanation, which can also explain the awful driving habits of Asians. You see... Asians aren't bad drivers, they're actually just trying to mark their targets (i.e. people, pets, cars) with their cars, which explains the erratic driving. Since Asian people believe in efficiency and quantity, it also explains why they love their big, killing machines called SUVs, because it can mow down more people in less time. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/137626.male.24.indUnk.Gemini.xml:
126: I was doing so well for a few days there, watching my language and trying to focus on not being a jerk... They say that for every few steps forward, there are a couple of steps back, so I've slipped up a bit, but feel like it time to start climbing back up again. My aunt, who is really swell, said to me this weekend to be careful "not to be a sprinter." Shes right, when you try to fix everything in your life all at once, you always end up failing... Slow and steady wins the race. So, I have to take out this girl on a blind date tonight, I really dont want to go, but I have to come up with an idea anyway.... maybe Karma, thats always a good place... otherwise I have non idea what I'll do. alright... I have to pretend to work for a few hours.... I'll let me know how the date went later...

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/141799.female.25.Advertising.Pisces.xml:
167: HOT DAMN!! I just had the craziest 6 days! It started Friday night, with the usual partying at BarFlam (ran into Dolly there), and the usual after party hang-out at Shakhira's. It was funny, practically everyone didn't sleep the whole night. Some slept for a few hours after sunrise. Me, Shakhira, Rakhma, Farah and Gerald stayed up talking about stupid things and laughing. Including the stupid stuff we did as kids, we discovered each one of us was already psychotic as kiddies *Haha* Rakhma went to catch a few ZZs after Shakir and Boboi crashed on Shakhira's bed. *LoL* Shakhira and Rakhma even painted the guys' nails. Gerald, as usual, was cracking stupid jokes and getting into fights with Rakhma. Oh, and a friend of Rakhma's, Ajim, joined us. I drove his car 'cuz he was too sloshed. Oh Oh.. one more thing.. Rakhma and Gerald danced on the bar! It was crazy. Saturday was another party night, which was unplanned, I think. I can't quite remember how we ended up partying in BarFlam again. But this time Fahmy managed to join us, he brought Shakir and Boboi with him. Gerald and Rakhma couldn't make it, something about being tired and Gerald has to work the next day. Ofcourse they came over for the customary after party chill-out session *Hehe* Funny shit happened, ofcourse. Oh, and this is night number 2 of no sleep for me. Sunday night was more chilled... I can't quite remember what we did exactly, though *Haha* I'm such a spaz! Crap.. I'm losing track of which nights I stayed up. I think I was awake for 3 nights in a row and finally crashed at 4am on the 4th night. Whatever. Anyways, I went home around 3pm Monday, went out to dinner at 8pm and then out again at 11pm. Shakhira picked me up, we were both bored shitless, so we drove around looking for things to do. We ended up in Shah Alam, picked up Fahmy and went to get food. Shakhira ate, we had drinks. Then me and her headed back. Oh yeah.. after dinner, we (Me, Rakhma and Shak. Gerald went home) went to hangout at Hartamas.. Guess who we ran into? Kevin. Shakhira's ex.. she saw him and wanted to split, but he was faster and caught up with us. Me and Rakhma chatted with him for a few minutes, while Shakhira said hello to another friend of hers. Guess it was awkward for Kevin and Shakhira... Shak just nodded hello and stood at a distance. I guess that's one of the reasons I went out again, to make sure she's alright. She told me she did feel like crying but decided to imagine this other guy's face instead. *Hehe* Crazy girl. Then again, that guy IS cute =P I was still at Shakhira's place Tuesday night.. Can't quite remember why I decided to ditch the idea of going home. I had a pretty good night sleep, I think. Oh yeah, dinner at Modestos, saw Anas leaving work, called him over to join us, waited for Ajim, picked Gerald up and off to Shah Alam. After sending everyone home and Ajim to his car, it was already 2am so I stayed over again. Wednesday, I went home around noon to get clothes for the night's orchestra and also money. I was home long enough to grab something to eat, shower and toss fresh clothes into my bag. I went over to Dolly's to borrow a top, off to the bank for some moolah and back to Shakhira's. The show was pretty good.. actually the orchestra was really good. Shakhira's sister plays the violin and it was her last performance with the orchestra. Me, Shakhira and Gerald went to watch, unfortunately we got too hungry to wait until the end. We left during intermission and had dinner at Planet Hollywood. After that it was Bangsar to hang out. Ofcourse, we ended up at BarFlam . Surprisingly, it was already packed at 11pm, we couldn't even get a table. We were about to leave for another place, when they told us to chill at the table outside while they reserve the next available one. So, we stayed.. and got our favourite table a few minutes later. It was superbly nice of them, eh? Fahmy and Shakhir came to join us. We stayed until 1am, 'cuz we thought of hitting Orange. Called Anas, got him out of bed and he joined us *Hehe* Gerald went home because he's got werk in the morning. Shakhira invited this guy we just got to know, Marc. Orange was empty, so we ditched that idea and hit Spiral instead. The usual after party hangout, Fahmy and Shakir left at 6am, Anas and Marc stayed. OMIGOD! Last night was ridiculously funny! Shakir was talking non-stop to Marc and it was pure crap. Funny shit!! *LoL* All of us stayed up the whole night just hanging out and stuff. I went with Anas to get his work clothes from his house, and surprisingly we had loads to chat about *hehe* Finally left Shakhira's at 12.50pm, sent Marc to his car, Anas to BarFlam (he works there), dropped Shakhira's cellphone to be repaired and I headed home. Freaky long entry. Cool. Not too detailed, but I think I covered almost everything. I may have mixed up certain events and the days.. Some things happened on different days? I'm confused *Haha* But, I don't think I wanna write anymore right now. I'm still laughing over last night and this morning, not to mention the past days *shakes head* 
199: -= Friday Night =- As much as I didn't plan to.. I found myself in BarFlam with my friends. Earlier in the day, I thought of just dropping by for a few and get my ass home by midnight. That's what I told Rakhma and Shakhira, they wanted me to party with them but I've been going out all the time, and I didn't want my mom to start complaining. Shakhira picked me up around 3pm yesterday, so we could go get a belated b'day pressie for a friend and Shakhira wanted to eat. At first, they changed the venue to Scandals, an R&B club that re-opened at a new location. Later that evening, plans were changed and it's back to the old watering hole *Hehe* I was hanging out at Shakhira's place, talking about the night's plans and somehow I felt like partying. I didn't think my mom would be cool about it, so I was just asking her what time is everyone meeting up and saying I'd drop by to say hello. The more I think and talk about it, the more I feel like joining them for the whole night. I decided to just take my chances and check with my mom. She wasn't extremely happy about it, but it was still an okay. I went back home to get my things and back to her house. We got ready, picked up Rakhma and was on our way. We got to Bangsar around 11pm, and the area was kinda quiet for a Friday night. Thought it was kinda odd, but probably because it was still pretty early. When we got to BarFlam, it was another story. There was actually kind of a queue outside! I saw them not allowing people in, so that was worrying. But Shakhira called this guy we know and told him to reserve a table for us. He called earlier saying he couldn't get our usual table and it's gonna be the one next to it or something. When we got inside, the place was so packed there was barely enough space to move around. I found the guy, and asked him where our table was. He said he tried to hold on to it for as long as he could. The hostess from the door told Shakhira that this group of people "stole" her table. She pointed to the table and said when they wanted to sit there, they were told it was reserved for Shakhira. One of the guys said it's okay, because they're her friends. How fucked up is that? The manager came and talked to this people at the table next to it, and told us we could just join them for the moment cuz they're leaving soon. Yeah right. Shakhira didn't want to, besides Diana told us that they're gonna bring in a table from outside and put it at our usual corner. As they were preparing to bring the table in, the guy (the one who reserved the table) came over and said there's a table free in the back and asked if we wanted it. Hell yeah! We ended up sitting there and thanked him. It was just 3 girls at first, then Fahmy and Shakir came. Gerald turned up much much later. The table was small and we only had 3 stools, but it was alright. We moved to another table after the people there left, it was on a raised platform so that was cool. There was a "tribute to Movement" (the club burned down earlier this week) thang and one of the DJs went on for a bit. Nothing spectacular, but some tracks were cool. Ofcourse there was the late night special , this time the female bartenders got on the bar and poured tequilla into wide opened mouths. They were dressed cowgirl-style; belly baring top, hotpants/miniskirt and red cowboy hat. They danced on the bartop for a while, like always. I danced a bit, felt bloated from all that coke and started chewing on ice cubes. One part of the night I started feeling farked. I don't know why this keep happening, but last night I know I felt mas0r disappointed over something (no details, yet). Then I started feeling a little bit annoyed, so I just stood there observing the crowd and following cute ones with my eyes *hehe* I started dancing again to get rid of the shitty feeling and joined in on the laughter. I had fun.. Kinda different, but it was alright. We stayed until closing, finally got everyone in the car and headed home. I wasn't feeling very socialable, so I didn't participate in the convo that much. I dozed off for a bit and got up when Fahmy wanted to leave. I just felt like being by myself, so I told them I was gonna lie down on the couch for a bit. I ended up falling asleep and only joining them in the room in the morning. Bla bla bla.. Shakhira had to go the station for a bit, Rakhma and Gerald left, Shak got back, we went for lunch, back to her place, hung around watching a movie and went home around 5.50pm. I took her car (she was too lazy to drive) and went over to return it at 8pm. So... here I am, putting everything into words. Long entry once again. Now I'm sick of typing. I'm out. 
207: Doh! I forgot to publish the last entry. Stoopid me. 2 nights in a row of getting totally shitfaced. I'm almost embarrassed to even look in the mirror. Thinking of certain events is making me cringe a little. Then again, it was mas0r fun! Minus the pounding in my head and the nausea, ofcourse ;-) Tuesday night was the required visit to BarFlam, it was their Ladies' Night and the girlies get free drinks. Not the usual free flow like other clubs, it's only 1 drink. Their theme (or whatever): "Well dressed, well treated ladies get free drinks" . At the door, the girls were given this coupon to fill out and to be exchanged for champange at the bar. It comes in those cute baby champange bottles. In keeping with the whole Ladies' Night thang, the bartenders were shirtless for the night. They wore white shirt cuffs and tux-like collars with bowties. I don't know if I explained that right... At midnight, they had this Midnight Special , where they got the girls to stand around the bar. The bartenders then climb on the bar with a tequilla bottle each, and move around pouring shots down your throat. Cool, eh? At one point, one of the guys was dancing on the bar and pulled up this girl. Talk about some hot moves *LoL* Me and Shakhira got there early, right after dinner infact, around 9.30pm. Nini and a couple of her friends joined us about an hour later. Ran into Dolly (she joined us) and Carlos dropped by for a few minutes. We left kinda early, I think it was just after 1am. We stopped for food, and then headed to Shakhira's place. I slept in the car because I was feeling woozy. Shakhira woke me up when we got there and I crashed on the couch as soon as I walked in. That was around 2am. My head was spinning and I was feeling royally fucked. I got up around 4am, went to the loo, washed my face, changed and couldn't fall asleep again. The more I tried to sleep, the worse my head felt. I gave that up and watched TV instead. I had no idea what time Shakhira was gonna get up, so I kept myself busy with magazines and playing games on her phone. Good thing a couple of friends called, so I didn't go insane with boredom *Hehe* And that brings to yesterday, Wednesday . Diana came by in the afternoon, so did Ninie. Ninie left for Brisbane last night, so she dropped by to say byebye. Later, we had dinner with Rakhma, Yazmin, Muff and Gerald. After dinner, Gerald went home while the rest of us headed to Bangsar. We hung out at Coffee Bean for a bit, and somehow it was decided we'd do another night of partying. This time in Orange, an R&B club. Rakhma, me and Shakhira, anyway. Muff's got work the next day and Yazmin couldn't make it. Rakhma had to send her car home, me and Shakhira picked her up, headed to her apartment, changed in record time and made it to the club just before 1am. We were supposed to meet up with this guy who works in BarFlam. We've somehow became sorta friends, and he got off work early last night, so he joined us. Doesn't hurt that he's kind of an eye candy *Haha* Also met up with Raflis and his friends there. Shakhira was especially happy to be hanging out with one particular friend *wink wink* After the place closed, they were thinking of heading to another club, Carbon. I was feeling good (right then, anyway), so I didn't mind. We headed to Carbon and found it closed. Dang. Then again, at that time I was already feeling sick. I must've looked one hell of a mess, cuz they were laughing and asking if I was alright. We went home after that, I slept the whole way. I don't what happened, but we were practically home when it hit. I reached for the plastic bag Shakhira handed me earlier and barfed. Boy, was it ever disgusting. And it friggin' hurt too. I changed out of my jeans and top once we got upstairs, and passed out on the bed. Not for long, anyway. I got up an hour later because my head was thumping like mad and I had to pee. I went to the living room and found Shakhira watching TV. I joined her and we chatted for a bit. As much as my icky feeling allowed, anyway. We hung out until Rakhma woke up, then Shakhira showered and left for her station. She said she'll be back in a bit to send us home. I got home around noon, or just before... I'm not sure. Still feeling a little euww , standing up n moving too fast still gives me a headrush. I've also developed this rash-type on my arm. It doesn't itch, though. Weird. *Gasps for breath* Whew! I skipped a few details and descriptions, because I don't want it to get any longer. If, for some reason, I feel like getting detailed, I'll blog again. Right now, I'm gonna end this. Out. 
239: Happy New Year!! Last night's new year celebration was kinda different. Yeah, I had fun (as usual)... This time around it felt really laid back, though. But it did cost me more moolah *Hehe* Me and a few friends got this 2 bedroom suite at a superly low price. My friend's uncle is somebody there or something, so she got a special rate. Countdown was at Bintang Walk, after the fireworks we went to have a drink while deciding where to go... We decided to just walk towards Beach Club, but the place was packed like mad. In the end we ended up in Flux . We didn't stay there long, though... Probably a couple of hours at the most, but I did get to dance. So, I was happy. After that we headed back to the hotel and all of us just hung out and talked. A few other people came by later, so it was pretty alright. I had fun, even though didn't get to do much. As the matter of fact, I haven't had any sleep yet =) I nodded off around 8am for maybe 15minutes and then around 1.30pm for another 10minutes probably. Thing is, I'm not feeling sleepy at all right now. Not even tired. Cool, eh? Anyways, just wanted to wish everyone a HAPPY NEW YEAR . I'm still calculating last night's expensense, and it's giving me one hell of a scare. Adios. 
279: Screw that last post! I'm not one to give up or wallow in self-pity, right? Besides, I think it kinda made me sound waayy emotional or something *Hehe* I'm having fun.. nothing wrong with that, true? I'm just gonna with the flow and enjoy the ride while it lasts. I don't know where the stop is, or what it's gonna be like.. I'm not about to worry too much about it. I'm here for the fun times and the excitement of curiousity. Woohooo! Had dinner at Hartamas with Fahmy, Boboy, Shak and Ajim. Anas got off work at 9pm last night, but joined us later when we hit Planet Hollywood after dinner. We hung out there for a bit, a few drinks and then made a move. I think we left at midnight or a little after that. Nothing much, just hanging out talking and observing the crowd. As for my exam.. it was at 10.20am, so I was there super early. Oh, and dumb me didn't notice that they DID paste the exam schedule outside the door. Oops. Since I had a couple of hours to kill, I headed to Shak's place to study. The paper turned out alright, I guess. With that out of the way, I am free of study worries until May. Except for one thing, I gotta get an application in for my degree course. I don't think the forms are out yet, though. I'm feeling pain in the financial department, so I'm gonna start serving the evil empire of Business Trends again. Right now, I gotta go shower and hit the bank *Ouchy ouch* and pay off my debts. A couple bucks here and there and *Walla!* the total is about a hundred bucks. Funny shit. *Logs off* 
359: I'm sick =( My stomach hurts like a bitch. I went to the doctor's last night, and he said it's noisy inside *Hehe* It's gas and acid and all that in my stomach and small intestines. He gave me a few diff pills for the pain and gas and acid. I even got a shot on my butt. I looked like hell, and he said he'd give me the shot if I can't take the pain. Obviously, I agreed. There's no way I'm gonna be up half the night crying again. It actually started Tuesday night. I thought it's because I didn't eat anything, and it wasn't this intense. It was alright the day after, except when I was a little bit late with dinner. Had to run a few errands, and the pain started. Even after dinner it didn't go away completely. I got up around 1.30am with cramps from hell, I thought I just needed to eat something. I had some cereal with milk, even drank soya bean milk. Nada. I went back to bed and cried and whined myself to sleep. When I got up for breakfast it was alright, but started again at lunch time. I had lunch at around 2pm, I guess it was a little late. The pain didn't stop and got worse every hour. By dinner, I couldn't take it anymore, and had my uncle drive me to the doctor's. It's ridiculous, I can't even sit for long let alone walk around. I spent the day lying down in a fetal position, cuz it doesn't hurt that much when I'm like that. I had an appointment this morning at 9.30am. Had to cancel, I can't even get out of bed. Right now, it's alright. I mean, it still hurts but not as bad as a half hour ago. I think, as long as I have something in my tummy, it doesn't hurt as much. Crap. I'm gonna get fat again, aren't I? I was so pissed off I had a piece of chocolate a couple hours ago! Then I had fish crackers and a little bit of cornflakes with milk. I'm such a glut, don't you think? It's not even dinner time yet! I soooo wanna skip dinner, but I don't want the pain and I gotta get well enough to make my appointment tomorrow morning. Eye candy update: There's a positive development, me thinks. He called a few days ago and asked if I was gonna spent the night at my friend's place. I said no, because I had stuff to do in the morning for my brother. He said he was thinking of hanging at my friend's place after work. I told him to just go, but he said some other night because I wouldn't be there *Hehe* Am I excited, or am I excited? Actually there are still a few updates but my stomach's hurting again. So, I gotta go. Feels like a knife cutting everytime I exhale! Wish me luck. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/152088.female.25.Communications-Media.Aquarius.xml:
116: i'm just so tired. tired of all the fussing and annoying arrogrance of some people... why lah? just because i'm a passive aggressive, it's even harder to vent out frustrations. i always end up with a little tear down my cheek... =/ *sigh* what drives me is that i know what i'm doing... and though it may be right or wrong, i can be humble enough to accept it. "the future is not for us to see" - how very true. and yet sometimes, i wish that i can control it. i'm such a control freak that i want to have in my hands all that i can know about myself in the future. but over the last 3 years, i've learnt to live 6 months at a time. maybe even less now. it's exciting once you get the hang of it. but terribly frustrating when your inner clock screams for stability. that rarely happens now. all i want to know is whether i'm doing the right things in the present to secure my future... thoughts aside, i've been trying my hand at non-linear editing the last two days. i've been quite fearful of this part of post production ever since one of my assignments in college turned sour. =/ but that seemed a long time ago now. i can't say i don't like post-production, cos its the learning process bit of my 'grasshopper' training. heh... Ken calls me his 'grasshopper' ever since i started calling him 'si fu'... *grin* anyway, it's alright. i won't say i'm good at NLE... and i do enjoy production... but who's to fuss n choose when knowing both actually gives me a boost - in the resume... heheh... =)
305: him/her: hahahah... it definitely gave me more space from Gary! i think i bloody well owe him an apology for yesterday's harsh SMS!!! thinking that it was him writing that guestbook entry made me call him an annoying, childish, hypocrite and not to call me anymore! ooops... *sigh* the mistakes made by being clouded in anger... anyhoo... with that in mind, i need to really sort out my feelings. i really still care and love Gary because i'm the sort of person who never forgets each relationship for making me who i am. i treasure them all despite its bitterness and otherwise. i do feel guilty for the things that has happened in the past. the things that may have cause the relationship to take a slide down the gutter and destroy Gary's self-esteem. *sigh* but Fairul is right, i can only try to rebuild that trust, but it's Gary who has to do the rest. i was just too drained. but i am still guilty for it. i'm also afraid of being on a rebound. maybe my dating others makes Gary think it's all alright on my part. but that's just how i'm distracting myself. i am moving on. and he needs to do that too. i only fear whom i may trample upon those hearts nearby... i wear my heart on my sleeve. and being set into society as a singleton may not be a good thing for me and the other person... i mean, that's how i used to see it and the reason why i was in such committed relationships. i really fear rejection, i fear my heart being used. i fear fake emotions and feelings. i fear being led. hence, i hid in the comfort of the one i fell in love with. there is already a named "rebound boy" (that was by Tania's christening =P ). and i'm questioning myself for all the things i had fought for... the non-committal relationship cries, the need for freedom and independance for myself. it's strange how as soon as i leave and close a door, i turn around and bump into someone... 
772: high high high! heheh... on what? being happy! no, my drink didn't get spiked - i only had ONE vodka lime. unbelievable too, cause i thought it was going to take me at least 3 drinks to be dancing on the podium! heh. danced all night through for almost three hours... whoa... the opening act DJ was pretty good, and Tall Paul wasn't so bad either. hmm... now i'm aching all over... like a workout overdone! my lower back, shoulders, feet, calves.. *moan* and even my butt!!! tsk tsk tsk... it was really a fun night! it was just the four of us - Kai Ling, Elaine, Sharon and I. Julia's back from Switzerland but she's totally jet-lagged! seems like Sharon's a new addition to our group. hahaha.. Kai Ling told her "I'll see you next Friday, okay?!" i rarely mix my friends... collegemates, high school mates. but i guess it's alright when they can all get along well! =) my ears are abuzzing... i wish i could get a nice relaxing massage right now... *contented sigh* hmmm....

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/152151.female.23.Engineering.Libra.xml:
340: alright after this i'll start studying, i promise! yesterday we went birthday gift shopping! funny that even though me and will's bdays are like just 2 weeks away, it was actually bday shopping for 2 other people. we got nice stuff for them! then we went over to andy's (kareen's bf) for his bday bbq. yummy..then they were all going to go drinking and stuff; and i seriously am not much of a drinker- malibu pineapple or amaretto sour, that's my taste- nothing hard unless the occassion seriously warrants it. so we went home and hung out with friends and played some games. funny, the older we get the more fun some games become! my 21st birthday is rapidly approaching- only 2 weeks away. insane. i thought i would NEVER ever turn 21..its been so long! but i have a feeling 21 isn't going to be all that it's cracked up to be, but at least i'll feel older; and i'm sure will doesn't mind finally being able to say his gf is 21! when i first met will i was 17 and he was 21, i always felt like stupid when his friend's asked me how old i was. ahah! not anymore! :) its going to be quite hectic till the end of the month! this week..let's see..school's always hectic no matter what. tuesday is our THREE YEAR ANNIVERARY! its pretty crazy, like i feel like we've already known each other forever, and its actually only been 3 years- which though, is a long time huh! not sure what we'll do yet... i'm such a good gf, how many boys do you know that get to have two separate birthday parties! friday we're having one at skates (yumyum) for will and his college friends (ooh and shirley and christian are coming too..) it will be lots of fun..and i heard the comp the creme brule for the birthday boy! :) i think we'll perhaps shoot some pool at thalassa afterwards (hopefully I can get in, just one week till i turn 21!) sunday we're having lunch at zachary's for pals up here! will loves zacharys so it'll all work out fine. i think we're going to do something fun/cute after that. will's college friend will has the same bday as him ( the 25th) but he's a year older, and he's having a bday thing down in fremont sunday night- which i'm not sure we can make it but we'll definitely try! then the next week, tuesday is actually will's 25th birthday! and the day after 26th, is shirley (one of my good pals) birthday! so for that we're having dinner and karaoke! then the next night, thursday the 27th, me and kareen are doing dinner at pyramid's brewery with a bit of drinking, and then (perhaps? ehe) heavy drinking at world beat- for our 21st birthday- which technically isn't until friday the 28th, but i'll be flying out to vegas early in the morning with will, and our good friends michael and stephanie! pretty hectic huh. i hope i remember to study during this time! ok i really gotta stop, i promised myself i'd start studying at 10, and now its already 10:15! check in with yas laters! 
790: so im back! and annoyed! seriously- im sure all of u guys know people who are like this- big flakes! like some people cant help it, they're just flaky. but then theres the other kinds- who are flaky purposely! like if you know you're not going to go somewhere, just say you dont want to go damnit. its so annoying! like why go through all the bullshit of well..yeah i'll try..yeah we'll try to make it..oh it depends on so and so..but we'll try...when you know you have no intention of going in the first place. i hate those calls last minute- oh- something came up..we're tired..sorry..like people like that wonder why people dont call them to do stuff- because they're so undependable! i dont know why im so annoyed- im used to her flakiness..but sometimes it just gets to me..sheesh. alright, back to being bored at work..bye! 
1501: alright! time to catch ya'all up on my weekend! so lets start with thursday...we went to sushi house! now i LOVE sushi house so much..and its always a great experience...but this time was just a big bummer! to make a long story short, our waitress got our order wrong and then we had to wait like another half hour/45 minutes for the food to get here! and then we needed more tea and ginger and she never came around, and to top it off the island roll (my FAVORITE!) was not delicious like it usually is! so that was that.. friday... will took the day off ..what did we do? we had bulgogi sandwiches from expresso experience on bancroft (will really likes them) and then i bought some books for the fall semester. ooh we stopped by ace hardware too, and i loaned kareen my laptop so she could play sims that afternoon. 2ish or so we headed out to SF for a pre-wedding thingee- like will is a groomsman for the wedding on saturday right? so him and the other groomsmen and best man and of course the groom were doing some like stuff at the home of the bride- like i guess the setting was like the bridesmaids were holding the bride for ransom and the guys had to go through and do certain things to get her. it was pretty funny..they started out like having to choregraph some dance to like a backstreet boys song, i think it ended up to be some sort of a strip tease or something! haha..what else- oh yes they had to like compose a poem with words they chose out of a bowl...sing the couple's song? oh and yes they had to make a wedding dress for the groom to wear out of toilet paper. :) after that we headed out to the church for the rehearsal- st. ignatius...near the golden gate park. it was HUGE. like u could see the steeple from like far far away. the church was amazingly huge, and very beautiful- one of those churches that u feel u just MUST whisper in. so they walked through the ceremony and made sure everyone knew what to do. there were two babies there, they were so cute! one was the son of one of will's friends and the other was the bride's nephew. babies are soo cute! after that, we headed to a chinese restaurant on geary (kirin?) for the rehearsal dinner- there were so many people and it like a full 10 course meal or something!! but it was definitely a lot of fun. like before i used to be kind of weary cuz i felt like i didnt really know that many of will's friends, but after like 4 years, im definitely much more comfortable and at ease with them- they're lots of fun!! so that went on for a while lots o' fun. after that we headed home and met up with jeff/joan (another fun couple!) but we were pretty darn pooped that we didnt hang out long and headed home to sleep. next morning we had to wake up early early and head out to palace of fine arts in SF, be there by 9:45 to start taking wedding pictures..we were a bit late..but not the last groomsman to arrive! palace of fine arts is really pretty but pretty damn cold! they took lots of pictures till like noonish. then we headed to cathedral hill hotel where people were staying and had dim sum in the lobby. ooh me and will stopped at a tullys on the way there to get an expresso shake. ahh time for the wedding! we get to the church like 1:15ish? and the groomsmen and ushers are ushering people and i hang out with stephany, who is one of will's friend's wife. she is really cool. like i didnt really talk to her much before but we sat together and chit chatted and it was really fun! :) the wedding was really nice, lots of standing up and sitting down though! :) i guess it was a traditional catholic wedding? the groomsmen and bridesmaids actually got to sit through it! my favorite part was when will/carolyn lighted their unity candle from the 2 family candles. that was really nice! after the wedding..more pictures with the wedding family...then we headed over to the reception. it was at empress of china- in chinatown SF. it was like the entire floor! there were soooo many tables! all the groomsmen/bridesmaids sat at the head table but it was cool cuz i was sitting at the table like right next to them with stephany! it was funny we actually moved to another table cuz the people hadnt shown up so we wanted a better view for the slideshow but it turned out to be a vegetarian table! mushrooms! tofu! so needless to say we moved back..lots o lots o food. it was definitely fun. no i didnt catch the boquet! :) they showed a slideshow that was really cool, there were young young pictures of will in there! hehe.even i made it in there! then there was dancing and stuff afterwards, ah yes we all headed downstairs to smoke cigars at the end of the night...im definitely not good at cigar smoking.. so the night's over! so tiring day! me/will head home get our stuff and head down to los altos to jeff's place cuz will and jeff are playing golf next morning at like 6am. me/shirley/joan didnt sleep till like 3 though, we were doing a puzzle haha yah we're such dorks. but will didnt get to sleep till like 130-2ish and they woke up at like 5ish! i dunno how they did it. today was definitely very relaxing. we had breakfast at this breakfast place in los altos..waffles! yummy! then we went back to their place and watched tv and everyone fell asleep again one by one, except shirley! i dunno how that girl has so much energy, she was like playing video games that required jumping around and stuff and the rest of us were so pooped. but yah just chilling is really really nice. around like 930 we headed out to this place called midori? which was like japanese food, hella freakin expensive though! (compared to sushi house anyway)..then we headed back....JETTA.. so home at last..its nice to be home! mojo must have missed us. this week is going to be a very healthy week! :) as of ... NOW! :) but yah, going to head to bed, im so pooped! 99! 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/171019.female.23.Education.Leo.xml:
1132: This only seems to get busier and busier...dang... *sigh* Anyway, it was a good weekend, I guess. But I just feel like it drained me so badly and I feel that it will continue to drain me. *sigh* The Friday exchange was alright..Fred, it was great hanging out with you again ~ brought back some memories of high school there. Satuday, thank you, Dwight, for everything. I enjoyed just walking around and talking about ish...Sunday, my soCal aKDPhi sisters...it was great seeing you all again! *^_^* To my pledge sisters, spending the weekend with you guys, I feel closer and it brought back memories of being wtih you all again. Joe, I'm sorry that you're sick but with everything happening, I told you before about how I feel about everything. I hope that you sincerely do take that into consideration. i just don't want to follow in anyone else's footsteps and if anything, it is a cycle that needs to be broken..... 
2318: Does anything scare you? Sometimes, I get scared but I don't want people to know that I'm scared. So, I bottle it up inside and smile as if the world is alright. I try to focus on the positive and I'd rather be happy for other people than stress or worry about my fears. Stupid, sometimes - yes. Unrealistic - yes. I know that nothing comes easily and everything has a price to pay. Sometimes, I just don't know where the line is anymore...between sacrifice and just too darn much. How far does loyalty go? Are you willing to do something even if you don't want to - or you're sacrificing your happiness on behalf of your loyalty. Which would you rather do? Follow your heart? Or remain loyal? Loyalty in this sense...means...obedience. 
3558: Sorry, peeps....I got a couple emails from people asking how the boat cruise went and how my family is doing...so, here's the update for now. We're definately selling the house but there's a couple of obstacles in our way. The application for the apartment went through - I loaned my mother $2,000 and wiped my account pretty close to dry. My family actually started moving stuff over to the new apartment yesterday. It's pretty far into Palos Verdes - it's past Hesee Park and I guess that part is considered to be Rancho Palos Verdes and it's further away from the high school. My mom is doing better - she's really looking forward to the Chicago trip for Labor Day weekend. Hopefully we can fit the whole family in my little studio. I'm trying to get Grace to fly out, as well. We'll see what happens. I miss that kid. Actually, I miss my whole family. The hardest thing about living so far away is being far away from the people that love you. As much of a second family that I have out here, it's not the same. My family will always come first and have loved me before anyone one else. As much frustration as they give me, I only get frustrated because I love them. Enough said. The boat cruise...was "interesting". I was freaking out cuz this lady told me that we had to get there in advance and we ended up taking a cab instead of public transportation. We stood in line for 45 minutes and I pretended like I knew how to play chess with Kuan - I actually had no clue what I was doing and even let him eat my queen. The cruise ship was very disappointing - half the size of the Spirit of Chicago (reminder - if you ever plan on going on a cruise ship, don't skimp, every bit is worth it) and the entire ship was very very crowded. The drinks were alright - the white zinfindal was yum but the chardonney wasn't so great. The food pretty much sucked. On the Spirit of Chicago, the food was like catered appetizers. This time around, it was like KFC chicken and potato salad - bleah. Very very disappointing especially since we paid $120 for this. But on the up side..the music wasn't too horribly bad even though he never did play the songs that I had requested. But the view was breathtaking..(I'll post pictures up in a little bit)..the fireworks were amazing and Kuan even danced with me a little bit, too. So, overall - you've got the pros and cons - what else can you expect? Afterwards, we had some trouble catching a cab but eventually, I found one. End of story - lesson learned: never going on the Valara VI again...but Lake Michigan is still beautiful under the fireworks...*sigh* from 1994 to 2004..wow, it's been 10 years. Now, back to the crazy hectic schedule of work...on a side note, Tim Kim just called me to tell me that he's in town - gotta miss that kid and our crazy Spaceset days. *^_^* 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/180519.female.23.indUnk.Cancer.xml:
29: arrgh blogger was down yesterday and so I apologize for the lack of random thoughts eminating from this direction. It's probably a good thing because yesterday was a BAD DAY. It started out bad, middle was kind of depressing, and well, I guess it ended alright but I still went to bed too late (and despite the fact that my 8:50 was cancelled I still got up too early), super tired and ready to chuck school and trombone and responsibility out the window (my trombone and I had a little spat yesterday. We talked today, though, and it's going to be okay) But, today is friday!! And it should be an entertaining night. I know for sure Davis and Chris are coming, along with various members of the Tuba-Euph ensemble. When they get here, I'm firing up the wok for some good Lauren-style stir fry. That's going to be a lot of food. But it'll be fun! I should have told Ian to bring wine, when he asked if I need anything. Arrrgh. Oh well...should probably be sober for the Wisconsin Brass Quintet recital ;) One of the greatest natural highs is playing bass trombone or tuba, man. I played bass for about two hours today. In quintet we did Promise of Living twice through the really loud part, and right in the middle of the trombone-tuba melody everything started spinning and I think my body and my consciousness were trying very hard to go opposite directions from each other. Unfortunately both of those directions involved the floor and I had to do some serious breath control in order to get back with it. Sweet. I'm still feeling the effects of oxygen overdose. Man, having Megan in history class today would have been fun. Even though she claims (hmm) that she can't do the goat noise anymore, there was some serious sheep discussion revolving around the Strauss tone poem Don Quixote. mmmaaa!!! So, Megan, what do you say? ;) anyway, I'd better prepare for the stir fry herd. More later!
99: all hail lazy sundays. i haven't left the house yet, except to go grocery shopping. it was just way too nice to sit on my bed and sort through pictures and read buddhism and not think about practicing for a while. I have to spend enough time at humanities tonight, i want to make it a one-time thing. Yes, I got a good night of sleep for the first time in about a week, i'm still tired but that's alright, at least i'm refreshed. I just ate a lot of rice. I'd love to take a nap....hmm, survey: should I take a nap or practice? I should practice. As much as I don't want to go out in the 20 degree weather, napping might just end up being superficial right now, and besides, I promised myself I'd work tuning on the bass EVERY day. So. here I go....no really, i am going....
109: It's always so cool to see Brandon again. He rocks, man, I mean it. I feel bad but I wish I could have hung out with them after Jon's recital tonight. Alas, I'm the resident hairdying specialist, so my talents were called upon. But that's alright, because I still had a good time. Now I'm just wondering what the hell is going on upstairs, there's a lot of dropping noise going on. Hmm. You know what else is evil? It's snowing. For cryin' out loud. That's just cruel. I put away the longjohns and the winter coat. Don't make me do this Wisconsin, it's not going to be pretty. Anyway, I'm tired, but happy. And have the room to myself tonight...finally, a night of sleep that's worth it!! Roomates and boyfriends...maybe it's a good thing I can't get any, because it's annoying to have to sleep on the sofa or be awakened by arguing at 2 in the morning. Needless to say I don't want to reciprocate. G'night. ;)
129: My mission: to overcome feelings of jealousy and learn to let people be their own people. I'm getting better at this, but there are still some people...it's just hard for me to think that they can, not quite ignore me, but at least expand upon other friendships and such when I want to be the closest to them. Hans told me once (and many thanks to him for it) that he thought I was a jealous friend...and the more I thought about it, the more I saw he was right. So slowly, I'm learning, but I've reached a road block with Ryan. So here's what I'm thinking: B and I show up to see his band, and they are not on yet, so we sit and talk to him for a while, he's talking to a friend as well. And somehow I feel that in the time that I haven't seen him, this girl has somehow taken my place. Not just in becoming his friend, but in becoming the sort of friend that I am to him, in my mind. "In my mind" is the key here, I'm at the same time feeling like a total psychobitch for thinking these crazy thoughts. But they are there, and only invalid if i can work around them. But anyway, she flirts with him just the same as I do, he pays attention to her, and yet it's one of those messed up Ryan-leading-people-astray sort of things. You can kind of tell she's got something for him. So now I'm jealous, mad at myself for being psycho, and furious with Ryan for messing with someone else's emotions the same way he did with mine, all at the same time. So, after they played, what's going through my head? "Get out of here as soon as possible or everything's going to go to hell..." Waited only as long as they could tear down their set, and grabbed Ryan, thanked him for inviting me, and posed the question on my mind: "So, are you still superbusy or do you want to hang out some time?" Answer is, yes. So he says, "call me" and I give him my best don't-pull-that-shit-on-me look. But he says, "Well, I just called you..." and I'm thinking, "what a complete boy. He's just a frustrating, stupid boy.." at the same time as "why the hell I am so weak around this character?" but instead I say, "alright, I'll call you." And hightail it out of there. There might have been a trail of smoke behind me, I don't know because I didn't stop to look. And poor B, having to listen to me analyze every last drop of my psyche devoted to relationship-self-esteem, probably just wanted to shoot me and remind me that she's heard it ten million times before (which would not be an exaggeration). Ok, here's my deal: All I really want is just to hang out with him, because I miss it. We can be friends or lovers, it doesn't matter. Everyone has at least a handful of people that are absolutely essential to their existence, and he is one of mine. In fact he may very well be near the top of the list. What kills me is that I don't think this sort of existential soul-mate crap is mutual. Or if it is, he's fighting it for some reason, and this "i'm busy" charade is just a way of escaping...something. I've got to have it be all or nothing; I can't spend two months not talking to him and then talk to him, because then I'll never break free of this situation. I don't want to give him up completely because then there would be a huge hole. I suppose it would scab over in time, but never really heal. But my solution is obviously not his solution. what the hell am i supposed to do? 
439: How come it is that whenever I most want to talk to someone, everyone I call or try to get in touch with is not there? It's that time of year. I'm starting to feel lonely again but it's ironic...I'm sick of dealing with boys and trying to make them like me. It's just one humiliating experience after another. There's always something I miss and therefore end up feeling like a fool. It's been three years since someone's made me feel like I was attractive. Three years? Is that legal? Nevertheless, Bob Marley is playing outside my window and he's telling me, "everythings going to be alright..no woman no cry" which is entirely appropriate for this mood I'm in, so I think I'll go sit outside and listen to him. 
569: First step to regaining happiness: going running with Mikey? Yikes I feel like my heart's trying to jump out of my body, and making a valiant effort to take my lungs with it. It's alright, I'm all good. Apparently it's put me in a Beatles mood (or maybe that's because I've had A Day in the Life stuck in my head since this morning). Last night's blog was refering to what Bethany said to me last night: She came in and sat on my bed and said "i want to talk about your problems" (good intro, eh?) She thinks I've been projecting an attitude of being not only way too stressed out but also not exactly happy in all my friendships. She wasn't exactly clear about it being just lately or always (she said something about me being cool right after breaks and then being annoyed by people as the semester wears on)....but in my personal opinion it's just been lately...because I love my friends here unconditionally and if I get upset or crabby with them it's usually because I'm crabby because of myself and not them. And it made me a little sad because I don't want to project an air of unhappiness with people, I think I am a basically joyous person and I don't want people to think otherwise. I dunno...Jennii and Ben did a good job of putting things in perspective for me. :) thanks much. My, but it's a challenge to be a social individual sometimes, isn't it? 
749: WOOOHOOO!! What an exciting morning. It's not even noon yet and things are happening!!! My mom woke me up at 8 to take her to work, after which I promptly went back to bed for another hour...and then another half an hour, from which I was woken by my phone ringing (it was one of those surreal moments where you're not really sure what's going on and the phone seems like just another part of a dream). The person on the other end of the phone was the person from the City of Madison---I got the lifeguarding job! Hurray! I'm missing all the training sessions, but I have to make them up when I get back. No problem. Next stop, checking my email (since I've been cruelly forced out of bed twice, a third time falling asleep might be ill-fated). Bonnie Abrams sent me a note about a swimming instructor job she found in the paper and----her son is conducting a musical this summer and needs trombonists. What's the musical? Ah. Ahem. Oooooh. Guess. It's my favorite ever . It surpasses all musicals and then some, and not just because Frank was in the movie version. It made me dance about with joy the first time I saw it. It made me dance about, again with joy, this time mixed with pleasant surprise and excitement, when I saw those three fateful words in Bonnie's email. You have several hints. Guess. oh...what the hell. ON THE TOWN!!!!!!! Hurray! Hurray! Needless to say, I emailed him right away. Another cool part is that he needs another 'bonist...and there are a lot of us crazy kids in town this summer. Collin, Erin, Emily, Beatriz, Jason, Sean....what fun if any of them were to do it! (i have my reasons for wanting a particular one...but the reason is very secret and must not be mentioned...) alright..enough babbling about bernstein. i need to take a shower. (phew-ie!)
809: coolness: just hung out with katie and danny. talked about band, mr. cole, college, and partying... feeling better about that whole conversation with hans about ryan...geez, i hate that question, 'How's your love-life?' hehe...no offense dear, you needed updating. sadly enough i don't really have a love-life, so the answer to that question is always a little dim and uninteresting. katie said: 'you're the one person i know who's truly deserving of a really good man.' hmm. well, if that's true, i'm waiting! start lining up at my door, really good men! listen to me, i sound like i'm bridget jones, thirty-something and desperate to find a functional relationship. a non-functional relationship would work alright for me now, just to keep the ol' self-esteem at a reasonably acceptable level. I know i'm bitching. I'll stop. I know all the old mantras about love and relationships, but i don't care to hear them. if you want to give me advice, send me chocolate. chocolate inspires great things. well, jetlag has caught up to me, time to go to bed. smooches everything, sleep tight. :) and keep sending in those prospective cow names. 
939: wooooiee. this year takes last year on the amount of crap i got kicked out of me at the annual tuba/euph-trombone softball game. not the softball. the basketball, man. three games of highly violent and extremely hilarious bball. Collin and I make a kickass team...we showed Griff and Sean a thing or two (hehe)...although later having Griffin on my team meant getting pegged in the eye once or twice (the one time i saw flashes of light just before I blacked out for the next two seconds)...basketball in the near dark is infinitely more dangerous than frisbees out of nowhere on the beach, but at least brass players know not to aim for the mouth (ahem). I had some game, I'm proud of myself. Now, gotta do it more often. The softball game was alright...IMO we were the better team, they just had the hitters. Couldn't beat us in the outfield though. I'm not sure I have the mad third base skills that apparently qualified me for the position...but ah well, didn't get much chance to make a fool of myself. Something I love is just being out with guys and being totally aggressive and physical...just being "one of the guys." i always feel like as a girl i have to hold my own on the athletic track. It's not an excuse, just a challenge..i get a huge charge overcoming it. being so called "girly" is not my gig---although i far from claim that it's a bad thing, just that it's way more fun to play the game than to watch it. it gets into whole issues of feminism (and feminazism to coin a phrase my father uses)- whether to be feminine and proud of it or try to make being a woman more like being a guy. Honestly, I don't think the latter is the best policy, but on the other hand "feminine" has connotations of standing on the sidelines and looking pretty. I'm not pretty and I don't like watching things go on around me without my interaction. Story of my life...if i'm not involved in something i feel like it diminishes my importance. this causes trouble when things get super hectic and crazy. I'm tuning down this urge though, trying to realize that not everything needs me to contribute. It's more of a self-esteem thing than anything. me looking for my sort of spotlight which is really just a little more off to the side than in the center of everything. Not sure how much sense that makes, but oh well. hello to hans. and yes, when i say basketball, i mean basketball...no innuendos at all mister!
949: wow. i've never been at the library when it was closing. chalk it up to my list of late night college experiences that i'm slowly gaining (due to my inability to stay up and be productive past 1:30), well behind the rest of the sophomore population. hurrah. way to go lauren. nevertheless, i acheived some semblance of accomplishment and mananged to check out two more books (bringing my total to 7 books on various methods of christian and buddhist monasticism) which will probably tell me infinitely less than i need to know for my paper. hmm. alright. bedtime. 
1109: blogspot is being goofy, my apologies even though i can't really do anything about it. it seems to work sort of alright on explorer though. Anyhoo, aujourd'hui ce n'est pas nouveau, parce que je n'ai pas faire rien mais jouer de trombon et manger. Ah, oui, c'est vrai que j'ai lu mon livre pour une heure. Mais, c'est tout. Qu'est-ce qu'il y a personne qui espere aller a bicyclete avec moi? Je vais aller avec Bethany apres une demi-heure. Compredez-vous? Mauvais francais, je sais! Desolee! 
1129: I have used Buddha Stew to brighten someone's day! (ben) Training for beach lifeguard today...uck...lots and lots of weeds in lake monona. not so hot to swim in. but alright...i have one permanent spot on tuesdays and now i can pick up sub hours. It seems like a lot of requirements for being on time and setting things up and so on...but it should be fun and i get to spend the rest of the summer enjoying the outside! I will let you know when I am close to town and y'all can come visit me. :) Sad news though, I got my mouthpiece and it's too large a shank. I shall have to send it back. :( Ah well, I have procrastinated ordering it long enough, and I can wait a little while longer. Back to the old Bach 5G for a while yet! It has served me well at least. Lots of new music though, including a Lindberg CD that I am listening to currently. It's got the Sulek and Hindemith, and Blue Bells (haha!), and Sequenza V. So it rocks, basically. A new method book also came...which will be good for my tired out old warmup. Time to start cracking on practicing! Of course, yesterday only the first day of summer officially. I have been enjoying summer for quite some time and I shall continue to do so. At work this morning it was just Nate and I, and very busy. But it was alright. At least you have someone to talk to and there is less falling asleep involved. :) Alright...I really really deserve a shower right now. The Lake-Itchiness has gone on long enough. 
1189: God only knows why, but I am in the greatest mood today. No real reason...I mean, I had to wake up at quarter to 6 this morning and that's not the greatest...but I woke up with "867-5309" stuck in my head and ever since I've been crazy giddy. Actually, most of it is post-early morning nap, as after guarding I was so tired I could barely stay on my bike. I fell into the deepest sleep...and I had a dream that Abby was trying to rearrange all the furniture in our living room, and I was trying to stop her but I was late for work and couldn't do much. This has to mean something...Arwen at work suggested that maybe people are trying to change things in my life (rearranging furniture) but I don't have time for it, because I have other things on my agenda. Hmm...it sounds nice. I haven't decided if it's entirely revelant and especially with Abby because I don't think she's trying to rearrange my life... Anyhoo...Davis' blog seems to be suggesting that I rant and rave about "My Night With Bluebottle" so I'll do a little. First of all, I had a grrreat time. They are seven hilarious boys and I enjoyed myself completely. I spent most of the time talking to Dave and Brandon...well, let me put that another way: Brandon spent a lot of time talking to me, and Dave mostly made my feet fall asleep because he kept sitting on them. Go fig. Anyhoo, everyone imbibed a lot of alcohol, in fact, ALL of the alcohol we possess, so it was a raucous ruckus all around. I was only half aware of what Davis was up to...and what transpired with Steve is out of my field of vision (although she has since told me), although it is all good. I hope. Maybe I was just too caught up in the whole "This chick is soo cool! I've talked jazz, horns, and lots of shit with her and she rocks! Yeah, I bet...blah blah blah" Brandon thing, I got a kick out of that kid. He talks a lot. ;) People piles on the couch were highly prevalent, and the mayhem didn't die out until after 5 in the morning. Brandon broke my clock...the second hand fell off and it's stuck at 4:25...so at least we know the exact time at which it was broken! Hehe...that's alright, I don't really need another clock. My life is governed by time enough as it is. Mass hangovers in the morning...I got up at 9:30 and had to wait until noon for the boys to start stirring. Dave was the last one up and the last one out the door, at 2:30 or so. All in all, a good time. A good distraction from thinking, of which I have been doing too much (and i have been thinking without using much common sense, which is a bad thing). Anyway, my good mood continues...perhaps this bodes well for a productive practice session. But first, lunch!
1269: crazy weather today, and me stuck in the middle of it! i was at humanitites and it started to absolutely pour and thunder and lightning.....and i had to get to work on my bicycle! so i braved it, and got soaked through. hurray for white tshirts. ah well..it was an experience. otherwise, nothing interesting. it's almost the weekend! time for a break and going out at night. only work once tomorrow, which is nice...that pool is so warm! the high chair is like a sauna. yeegch. but that's alright. i worked with matt and nate this morning, and nate and nick and ryan this afternoon. matt is hilarious. he was going off about this one dude's speedo...it was huge, and bright green, and he had a lot to say about it. hehe. sort of had to be there, but it was funny, funny, funny. well, laundry awaits. 
1289: alright..sorry for a small delay in blogging. things have been busy! I started work at the uw natatorium, which so far has beena lot of fun! the other lifeguards are tres cool. one of them, Arwen (her name rocks! it's from Lord of the Rings) is from Poway! she knows Joey Brennan. wow! we were both stunned that we came from the same place to...wisconsin. anyway, i guarded this morning starting at 6:30...argh. a little tough getting up but once i was outside, i was blessed with some pretty pretty things to see. the lake was still, no waves. it was gorgeous. and it wasn't yet sticky and 90 out. so that's a bonus. i don't know if i can do that often though..i like my late nights too much. Jon is coming up! first weekend or so in july. we're going to ravinia to see shostie 5 and i believe the tchaik violin concert as well. so we can have a good time and party and see/hear (depending on where we end up sitting) classical music. huzzah! alright...time for a little lunch, and then, off to see madison scouts play at the capital. hurray! mikey! hurray! chris! 
1349: hurray! i have two jobs now. and a gig. hurray! i love being back in madison..things don't seem so disconnected. i guess that would mean that the majority of my life is at college..and of course that's true. still, i'm glad. i could only do so much from home, and now, not having been back in wisconsin for more than 15 hours, i've already gotten a job and practiced and given my accompanist my address so he can bill me (hmm..maybe not so happy). well, happy anyway. and now i can listen to the OBC recording of On the Town and study up the trombone parts. :) Just waiting now for the horn cats to get back so the summer can really get started. i'm on my own for tonight and tomorrow. but that's alright...plenty of chores to do (argh).
1399: lalala. what to do? go see another movie tonight? i wish abby would get in touch. bridget jones was alright-they changed the plot quite a bit and i thought it could have been much funnier. but it was still good. colin firth, mm, yummy. same goes for hugh grant, only perhaps a little more so. poop on movie romances. 
1759: phone number has been taken off internet, moment of loneliness has passed and therefore no internet weirdos shall be haunting me with phone calls. phew. yes, i feel better. sort of. davis and i talked. bethany and i didn't, which is what stresses the "sort of" okayness mood. we got our wires crossed yesterday and i had left to go to the gritty to see collin before she got home from a day with her mom, and she was upset because we had planned to go see fireworks together, a fact that i completely forgot in my rush to go see a boy of all silly things, and i felt/feel incredibly guilty and not at all equipped to deal with the situation. Ben told me that I did what I could, and he thought that Bethany had accepted my apology, but if I know B correctly her body language was all wrong and she was still upset with me last night. After Qdoba I went home alone...and hence the height of my self-tragedy. Ah me, what a little melodramatic fool I am. Mostly I was mad at myself for being impatient (of course i shouldn't expect a newly turned 21 year old to give up his night at the bars for a foolish underager who thinks she maybe likes him or something), and unhappy about being alone, and sad about my failure to be a good friend, and lots of other things all stemming from deep-seated self-confidence and awareness issues. Sigh. It's not as if the whole Collin thing didn't end on a hopeful note. It did, rather. ("Hey, wait, when will I see you next?" "well, i'm always at humanities, or give me a call! i'm usually around""okay, that's right, i have your phone number now!""alright, well, don't get into trouble hon, and have fun!") Little seeds of self-doubt always creep in, however, so most of happiness is therefore smashed before i have time to get into too much trouble. Bleh. I wish boys would like me more, my romance skills are rusty (almost corroded) and most of the time I haven't got a clue what's going on. ARGH. ok, i suppose the best thing to do would be to get on with the day and start fresh. 
1989: see lauren. see lauren bored. see lauren also hot, sweaty, and not really tired enough to go to bed. sooooo....here's what lauren's going to do: she's going to open to a random page in how to do (almost) everything and tell all the world how to do it. ready? here goes the flippage....alright...everyone prepare yourself to learn (drumroll please): How to Throw a Football Throwing a football poses a problem for many people because of the ball's size and unique shape. But with a little practice, you can throw like a pro. More or less. Steps 1) Grip the football by interlacing your fingers between the football's laces and seams. 2) Protect the ball by cradling it with two hands, and hold it just under your chin as you step back to throw. 3) Cock your throwing arm back with your elbow bent. 4) Extend your free arm in fornt of you for balance; point the arm and hand at your target. 5) Keep your shoulders level for a short pass (10 yards or less); dip the shoulder of your throwing arm for longer distances. 6) Snap your arm forward and floow through with your shoulders and hips as your weight shifts to your front foot. 7) Release the ball when your arm is slightly above your head and out to the side. 8) Add velocity and spiral to the ball by flicking your wrist and fingers just as you release it. 9) Finish with your index finger pointing forward and down, and with your palm facing the ground. Congratulations everybody, you can now throw a football. Stay tuned for more interesting unrelated How-To instructions. Anyway, I got a great email from Tara today. I'm going to put a quote of hers in the quote spot. I quite enjoy it. Ice Princesses Unite! 
2109: well, shit. the loneliness is settling in again. do y'all know what i mean by "the loneliness?" (by the way, i just wanted to point out that for some reason, my last three posts have all used the phrase "y'all" and i'm not really sure where it's coming from. hmm) the loneliness for me is mostly just wanting somebody to lean on when i feel sad or stupid (the latter, in the case, is the cause of the former...for an explanation please see #1 of my Top Five Stupidest Things I've Ever Done list), and is compounded by the sight of two other people enjoying each other's company. you know what i mean. the loneliness sucks ass. i have managed to fight the loneliness but now that i can safely say i have recovered from being totally nuts about ryan it has come back with a vengeance. which doesn't really make sense, so let me rethink that. okay...i'm over the period of time where i felt like i had to be completely strict with myself regarding ryan, and now i just get to thinking that it's time for something new. Unfortunately this traps me in a vicious circle. Self-confident, happy lauren is overtaken by jealous, self-loathing lonely lauren whom nobody wants to be with. Yarrgh. whatever shall I do? :) it's alright...it's only one saturday night... ah, but it's those saturday nights that really kill you...
2169: alright. all the other music majors in the world are out being productive and practicing right now. i should be engaging in this activity as well...in fact i want to be, but i have given in to going home and eating pop tarts on this excuse: due to the fact that i played too much on friday (in my post insulting-email-from-bill anger), or rather i played to much over one small period of time, and now i have a small cut on the right side of my inner upper lip...which makes a lot of things difficult (eating, talking...nothing gross!!!), not just playing. i am a little depressed about this fact. no one else is home. the back door was left unlocked, which for a second got my hopes up that i would have someone to commiserate with and therefore not be lonely. but no, it was not to be. happy though...yes, the CAKE concert was marvelous. it was fantastic. i am still in awe that I have seen them perform live. it was a unique experience for me being a concert where i knew the words to all the songs. i don't have many favorite single bands...of the two bands which i love and know all their songs, one I have just seen and the other (sublime) no longer exisits as a musical ensemble. so it was great. Unfortunately I was not as close as i would have liked to have been, but i could see, at least (due to the fortuitous placement of a bag of sand near my feet, i was able to give myself a few extra inches). They rocked. I love CAKE. I have a sticker. I love CAKE. I really reaaaally do. 
2299: yes, i now have a beautiful shiny wonderful bass trombone. in exchange for this, i lost my voice. hehe. yes, it's not so much fun, but it's alright. it was probably not a good idea to drink beer last night (although not so much) and stay up late (2:30), but it was fun. kind of weird at some points, because i felt like just an onlooker, but i learned a lot about boys. went over to griff's and played video games and made prank phone calls to the dorms and such. well, they did. and i sucked at the video games. and then there was wrestling. and i almost fell asleep walking home. and i woke up with absolutely no voice and having to go to a rehearsal. i am becoming more and more convinced that sundays just absolutely blow. sunday nights especially. i mean, i have to work from 5-7, and then afterwards i meet with the pledges, or it's possible it's a sai meeting, or even an inservice for the nat. so no matter what i do, i get to run around and there is absolutely NO time to sit down and nap, which is my number 1 sunday activity. well, i'm just being whiny for the sake of being whiny, but i'm just kind of upset because a good deal of my weekends lately have absolutely sucked and i find myself looking forward to the week. because during the week i have regular sleeping hours and practice hours and such. and i don't freak out about boys and i'm not disappointed because a certain evening didn't go my way. so yeah, weekends suck. maybe next weekend won't. maybe i'll take the opportunity to get incredibly wasted next week and see where it leads me. yeah. great plan, lauren. (at least i won't be the only one: it's halloween and it's homecoming. rock). or maybe i'll just forgo all the festivities and sleep. mmm, sleep. today was brandon's opera thing at canterbury bookstores. intending to go on time, i fell asleep reading and woke up late...so i went but i didn't feel like talking to anyone (or rather, i couldn't talk to anyone) so i just perused the book shelves and listened to the singing. i feel rather bad about not actually going , so to speak, but oh well. life's full of little difficulties. sigh. 
2379: ah, i'm such a fool. perhaps it would be best if i just learned to accept this and then maybe things would be alright. i just hate being a fool---laughing too loud at things that aren't all that funny, acting nervous, not knowing what to say, saying dumb things, mumbling, showing off...yes, i hate this game. it's a stupid game. the trouble is, i'm either not playing or losing miserably...i never get past the first stage. when i'm not playing, i'm depressed about it; when i am playing, i hate it. dammit. 
2509: a very merry thanksgiving! it has been relatively calm here at my aunt and uncle's place--good food, plenty of it. actually we went to my aunt's brother's house in Oostburg...what a name for a town! Oostburg. ha! well, Rebecca's been okay. Yesterday she threw a mirror at my head! That was kind of nifty, especially when it pegged me just below the eye. I was, surprisingly, I'm sure, incredibly displeased and therefore refused to speak to her for a while. It worked like a charm...she was a sweetheart for the rest of the evening and she even apologized! She's never done that before. At any rate, today she was a little jealous that I was playing with her other cousin Samantha, because she thought I wasn't paying attention to her. So that got a little rough. But all in all (minus the flying mirrors) she's been alright. I've been thinking a lot about Jerry (because I miss him!) but also about relationships, and I think I need some help. I think I've forgotten how to be a girlfriend, there's been too many years between him and Dave and I can't remember.... I mean...I need to relax. And I need to find a sense of security. Of course, it's bound to be awkward in a five-days old relationship. We need to get to know each other a little better too. Project! Ha! A project. Neat-o. When I talked to my parents, they were very negative about Jerry's nose ring. But I talked to my mom the next day and she apologized and made me feel very good! I love my mom. She's a cool cat. Also, on the ironic side of things...anyone from high school remember how my crushes always seemed to have names starting with "J?" (Jon R, that one Jesse kid from US History, Jaime, etc etc)--well, here life goes and throws me a curve! This time it works out. :) What does that tell you? I dunno--we'll see. Still having Bill troubles, but I emailed Sean, my private teacher at home, and asked him if I could call and get some advice. So that's this weekend. This entire situation is making me feel very helpless. What am I going to do if we can't resolve our issues? I'm working very hard this year, and I can actually see improvement for once in my playing, but I feel like all of this is dragging me down and it's going to hurt me in the professional long run. I just don't know what to do right now. When I emailed him and asked if we could discuss in person some of this stuff, he emailed back with "what's to discuss?" and then a long tirade on what exactly I should do next, etc. So in my reply I told him that I still think we should meet...which means I need to have my shit together before then. I can't wait to talk to Sean! He'll be a tremendous help. I wish he were my professor...he's hip (even down to wearing socks with sandals), he actually keeps up with the professional and teaching worlds and introduces new techniques to his kids, he's not old and stubborn, he's enthusiastic, his jokes aren't dumb, he buys you beer. All positives, in my book. :) Well, everyone cross your fingers for me! Back to the world of cousin...hurray, Barbies! 
2609: Good Morning! I decided to get rid of my comment function. I don't think it was working right and plus it looked really bad. So if you want to talk to me you'll have to do it the old fashioned way, email. (hehe) needless to say, i'm feeling pretty happy. schmurific. mahvelous. and sort of sick to my stomach too, in that pleasant kind of way. Neat. Perhaps I will get out to JC Penney today. This will require some doing. I hope I don't have to take the bus. But...it's all right because this is turning out to be a very very good weekend because I hardly have anything planned!! No football game, I don't have to play in master class on monday, no SAI meeting (although the party last night was very very fun)...the only thing I really have to do is work, and that's alright (even though Brian isn't there tomorrow and therefore I can't be amused by his random thoughts on cribbage playing) because I like work. I even got to sleep as long as I wanted to today! that hasn't happened on a saturday since summer. So for once, a weekend as it was meant to be, relaxing. I think we are having a "chill" tonight. Our house gets volunteered for a lot of chills, it seems. The more the merrier! In perfect honesty I think I should stop writing because all I can string together this morning are little choppy sentences that betray no sort of emotion, even though there is a good deal of (happy) emotion wreaking havoc inside of me. So....perhaps I should go do some practicing. :)
2879: okay, i know most of my blogs have been pretty bitchy and/or sad recently, but really, i'm alright. it's easier to talk about things you are upset about...well, anyway i feel pretty terrible today. i'm worried. jerry and i had a great great great time last night, much happiness, many smiles...i would be all warm and glowing about that today but i'm worried. and i had these dreams last night, they were all about rejected love and depression...one was so realistic i woke up and nearly started crying...in it jerry had to think about something and we went to bed and he couldn't sleep so he got up and started writing poetry...which was all about me. I woke up and tried to read some of it, and it was beautiful, sublime, but it was all written on balloons (analyze that) and he was systematically popping each one and as I read the one I was holding, all the words about me turned into past tense and I realized he was trying to get rid of me, so I started begging him to tell me what was wrong...all he said was "no, this wasn't real, you're just my secretary" (okay, that was kind of weird but in the dream i freaked out about it) and that's when I woke up. And it took me a good long time to realize that it wasn't real, and that jerry was still there beside me and everything was okay. I hope. I hate my goddammed subconscious. It takes a minor worry and makes it into the end of the world. And now I'm just terribly preoccupied about everything and the last thing I want to do is go practice, although it's one of the things I'm worried about, and oh yeah, I might have lost the pool keys today at work, which is NOT GOOD AT ALL and dammit I'm just fucking up everything today. It is time for a fuck of frustration and worry: FUCK! if i had the proper html knowledge to make that any bigger, I would. 
2939: hey hey i have made it safely back to madison and am very glad to be here! it is good to see everyone again. it snowed last night! it's so beautiful...i love watching the way snow falls..it never comes straight down but swirls around or floats gently...anyway, it's cold but i don't mind it, even though on friday i was wearing shorts. :) well, we are house hunting today, and i am working on getting back into shape on trombone. it's alright, it feels funny in the back of my mouth. hehe. something about four extra holes...well, anyway, i really don' t have anything exciting or new to say...soo.....yep. that's all. :)
3239: Another week that sped by! But this one is alright, because I finally have a pianist for my recital, and things are good. so no worries. i have to work a lot--but that is good because i have to pay off my debts (bass trombone) and be able to fund my recital (lots of money to show off these days)...it's all good good good. our toilet is backed up which is a big shit (literally and figuratively) because i have to use it very badly, so i am sitting here waiting for jerry to call back so i can go to his place and use his bathroom. sad, isn't it? ah well. well, it would be a good night to go out and party or do some sociable things, but i think i will be equally content with just watching a movie. hm. well, we'll see. :)
3319: Everything is done. I've finished all my finals, turned in my paper, and packed my suitcase. One more school year has completed. It's weird. Not being one to get all sentimental about the endless passage of time, I'm just floating around in wonderment. Summer is here, and I've been desperately waiting for it. It doesn't promise all the fun that last summer was, but it will be good, relaxing. It's funny---I go into summer with such a Buddhist perspective on things (well, having just taken a class on it helps i suppose) and it all seems so calm and clear. Lots of changes have taken place, and not all of them seem good or constructive, but in some way, everything will be alright. As I was walking to turn in my paper today, a man was on library mall preaching about coming to Christ and worshipping the Lord. And I thought, "Out of great compassion for the sake of all sentient beings I undertake the path to Fully Enlightened Buddhahood." It was almost subconscious the way it popped into my head. I felt sorry for the man, whose level of understanding of ultimate reality is focused in samsara. More and more of me is bracing the ideals of Buddhism and, while I don't take so much to the actual practices, the rituals and the meditations, it seems that I can make my own religion based upon the good traits of all human thought. Maybe someday when I am totally disillusioned with relationships and my failing musical career I will give it all up and become a bhikkuni. What the hell, right? But first I'll figure out if I can be happy in my own self. 
3359: Adam's link updated at left. Adam is keeping me busy updating his links. What's next?!?! I just made the world's worst Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich. The PB and the J were alright, but the bread made it very difficult. First of all it wasn't pre-sliced so I had to cut it myself and one sliced ended up being way too thick and the other too thin, and the first slice was sort of stale, and the crust was really thick so every time I bit into it I lost a bit of jelly somewhere. Plus the bread was sourdough, which doesn't work too well with PB and J. Yargh. Annoying? you bet. The most exciting thing today is that the pool is closed, temporarily, due to extreme temperatures on the deck. Something or someone happened to the heating system and unfortunately when we opened at 6:30 this morning it was about 110 degrees. So we closed the pool, and until this is fixed I don't have to go to work. Yeeehaw! Bee-u-tiful. 
3759: say anything I have to say that the most beautiful movie I have ever seen is The Red Violin . Such artistry. True filmmaking, in my opinion. Such a seamless story with such great interplay and buildup...it is beyond words, such a gorgeous gorgeous film. Anyway, I'm off to a rehearsal tonight for a band called Saturn's Day. They are kind of funkish like Googaloo, only as of now I think I'm the only horn player and they are expecting me to come up with some licks and all. I'm listening to their cd now; it sounds very good so it should be a nice experience. However I'm not sure how creative I am feeling--but maybe it'll be better once I get my horn in hand. I have been playing quite a lot since I fixed my embouchure problem, and it's really nice. I think I will definitely give a recital sometime before the year is out, or early next year Januaryish. So people are home and can come. I'm not really picking out too much rep--instead I've pulled up some old pieces to work up. These I also plan on using for grad school auditions. Sean and I were supposed to meet tomorrow night, unfortunately he had to cancel as he's subbing for the Redlands symphony. Ah well. Not my only disappointment of the day: The lifeguarding gig called---they are postponing water tests and interviews at this time. Until hopefully sometime in the next few weeks. Ahem. Gr. Arrrgh. Is this not, is this not , the stupidest thing you have EVER heard? I mean, first off, they didn't process the aps for three weeks. Then when they called for an interview, it was scheduled a week later. Now, it's all on the fly again. So what I'm wondering is, who do they think is applying for this job? It must be mostly high schoolers, people they think they can keep waiting or something. It's ridiculous. I guess if I hang on long enough and get a job maybe no one will be left as competition. Still, it was promising and I liked the idea of having limit work commitment so that I could practice more. ARRGH. Well whatever. They obviously have their heads up their asses. Oh yes, and I voted today. No against the recall, and for the green party guy, Peter Camejo, in case the recall goes through. Of course he won't win but I really didn't want to vote for Arnold or McClintock or Bustamante because they all appear to be assholes. The upside of it is, of course, that I got an "I voted" sticker. So everything's alright in the end. 
3789: well it was saturday night, i guess that makes it alright what makes me quote prince you ask? well maybe i'll try out putting titles on my blogs, for fun. anyway, last night i had a long talk with dan which was nice, and then today i talked to josh chappie. i had heard that josh was in town and i thought hey, why not, who needs a social life? (lauren) Anyway I am working on finding as big a posse as I can to descend upon the Youngblood show next weekend. I am so excited, I can't wait. What an incredibly awesome band. went to the mall, bought some tshirts and my mom was kind enough to buy me a new watch. my old dear watch disappeared somewhere between my car and the terminal at the Milwaukee Airport. Well that made me very sad, so I got the exact same watch. hehe. practicing is going rather well today, and I'm happy. I went to the OTJ (online trombone journal) and posted about my frustrations with embouchure and all, and someone wrote back with the advice to tighten my corners, they might be loose from playing bass and not readjusting when I played tenor. So I tried that out, and low and behold...well I'm very grateful. I have to start working up all the grad school stuff, and also have something to play for Campbell in a month. Frustrated as I am with my bass playing, I've decided to put it aside until after grad school auditions, or at least until I feel I can play my tenor again comfortably and not screw things up. I'm sad about this; I love Bernard dearly. But I definitely need to focus on this one big thing and really work hard, and he's going to make that difficult. i am hungry. i desire to eat. 
4599: you piss me off, bush, and there's no two ways about it here's some stupid stuff you said. "The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honoring -- honored and encouraged in all cultures and by every religious faith. Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society." Okay, I'll cut right to the chase, because all y'all know how I feel about same-sex marriage. I can argue til I'm blue in the face about the rights of people to...have the same rights as other people, but many have done it far more eloquent than I. What I'd like to rant about is how offended I am by this "time honored man-woman" bullshit rhetoric. Marriage's "ages of experience" is a long history of patriarchal man-woman relationships. Women were property, and marriage was a business contract. This commitment of men and women to "love and serve each other" gave men the right to beat, rape, behead, and otherwise abuse their wives, and it gave women the right to...make (male) babies. In some countries and some religious faiths, it was perfectly alright to have many many many wives, just as it was alright to condemn women who tried the same sort of sexual freedom as whores. You may think that things have changed, that marriage has become a truly loving and endearing commitment of one person to another. Men will do chores now, and women work. You know why this happened? Because people fought to change it..somewhere back in the turn of the century, women began to get a glimpse into the true oppression that is gender roles and double standards. They fought against it. It happened in the 60s, too, believe it or not, after things regressed back to medieval standards (in the name of the American Dream). Marriage is not the same as it was "ages" ago, and we have feminism to thank for it. So when I hear talk of "sanctity" and "time-honored" I feel sick. I don't intend to get married until I can get married in a society that doesn't define marriage for me. I don't want to get married because I don't want to face the assumption that I will have kids, or leave work to take care of them, or take my husband's name and do his dishes. I want to marry because I love someone. Isn't that why anyone wants to get married? Fuck you, Bush. You're afraid. You're afraid of what will happen to your cookie cutter shiny happy marriage if gays and lesbians are allowed full legal access to marriage in this country. You're afraid to be emasculated, to have to define your own actions instead of having gender roles define them for you. You're afraid to think for yourself. Who will do the laundry if two men get married? Does that mean you might have to do the laundry someday (after we kick you out of the white house and you're dirt poor with no Hispanic maid to do it for you)? Does it make you feel like less of a man to see two women together, who have no interest in your, your penis, or your daddy's money? You're afraid, plain and simple. You know what? I don't have to say "fuck you" because you'll do it to yourself. Give me back my damn country, asshole. 
6506: about loneliness Jerry, I feel you. That's how I've felt most of this year, well, mostly. It wasn't so much the physical loneliness as the psychic that got to me. Not having someone to talk to unconditionally. Missing you. Not knowing what's next or why or how it will come. Maybe I'm still looking for that fling, maybe work has made me some friends that manage to keep me busy, maybe I've perfected the art of thinking about other things, but you're always on my mind, hon. I have to put parts of me in hibernation to go so long without seeing you, or I'll rot away from sadness. Maybe we won't ever have what we used to, because life is just working out like that. I want you to know that I'm going to have a hard time finding anyone to mean even half of what you mean to me. And yeah, I wish things were different. Things I could have changed, things I have no power over. I'm ready for a new adventure, and I know you are too. You look around and see tenderness, and wonder when it's coming back for you. It's hard not to get frustrated, but if you don't keep trying- well, it's not going to fall into your lap. The joy of getting to know someone new, of working things out, of giddiness and nausea, that's what you're missing. Me too. Little crushes and shy smiles. The awkward dance, the contrived meetings and things you go out of your way to do. Feeling like a fool but having it all come out alright at the end. Stories to tell. Good luck, but don't be a stranger. I love you.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/192591.female.27.Education.Cancer.xml:
134: This is why me and the "bar scene" don’t mix. So while my friend and I are driving for ice cream, we decide, hey, let's go out tonight. So…a little makeup, some bell bottoms, some perfume, and next thing, we're parallel parking in downtown Akron, late at night with creepy looking men shouting at us as we walk to Fat Tuesday's. Now, yes the whole array of slushy machines on the wall kind of intrigued me, but four dollars and fifty cents later, I've got the cold, small, brown cup of mudslide slush in my hand. Usually when I hate a certain food I have to endure, I pretend it's something else, like when my sister and I used to pretend that the stale Nilla Wafers were actually Oreos….so I make believe that I'm drinking a chocolate milkshake…a rancid, rotten milkshake that's been scraped off of a cafeteria floor. To be cute, I emptied some of the contents of my glass into my friend's, while she used the facility…but I actually just really didn't want to drink it. Later, after my admission, she tells me she had known but wanted to spare my embarrassment over being a lightweight...how, um..sweet. So yea, I'm doing my very very best to be cool, right…..so the bartender struts over, with the usual cockiness "I've got it all figured out" bartender attitude…sets down three teeny glasses and pours three shots of this yellowey liquid and says "let's toast"…okay, fine cool….a free drink…they both down it and I sip mine, with a grimace..since it's probably the equivalent of sipping brake fluid…of course, they both are laughing at me at this point, which I've grown accustomed to…"she's still working on that thing?! It's a shot girl, just go for it" and my friend encourages "just do it, Amy..quick…like pulling off a band-aid." Okay, a little peer pressure, and I go for it…and immediately my arm hairs are at full attention. Yea, so that was our experience there. Next, we visit Brubakers..at which point my friend decides to grab a few beers….ohhh noooo, beer is the worst. I reluctantly agree, with the condition that nachos are included in the mix…to wash the taste away. So there I am, scarfing down nachos and cheese like there's no tomorrow and searching for the nutrition facts on the bottle of beer …"what are you doing?!" my friend shouts "What?!" I shout back "what are you DOING?!" "oh, just looking for caloric content!!" I resume my mission, knowing that she's laughing at me again, but I can't hear it. On our way out, we wove our way through a scrunch of people, stepping on Sketchers all over the place..two guys behind us, one remarks "look, we got two virgins in front of us" so I turn around and say "honey, not for a looong time"….okay, the latter part I just made up, I actually didn't know until my friend told me later….we both look pretty young I figured, probably because we were fully dressed comparatively. So two apparently young chicks, a blonde, a brunette, strolling up the sidewalk in inner city Akron at midnight….easy targets at best. We make it, unscathed down to Banana Joe's….which I immediately discover is the college hook-up scene of Akron. Funny that my first time there was post college. The crowd consisted of frat boys and freshman girls who were trying too hard…Those awful Christina Aguilara halter tops seem to be a popular top of choice, with the point that goes down in the middle..and there are tanned bellies everywhere, and frat boys…. with baseball caps and an earring and tight T shirts. They stand around with a beer, with that cool laid backness, trying to make eye contact with any chick who looks back, because, after all they're feeling pretty good about their first chest hair they discovered that morning. I don't know why but all it takes is a beer in the hand to turn me right off, I guess that's a leftover ingrained into my mind from ma and pa. We grab a watermelon fizzy thing, the best drink of the night, and laugh at everyone. These girls, up on stage, were like up against the wall, in white capri pants and high heels with their butts all stuck out and jiggling up and down…it was like a bad rap video. So we're dancing, and I do like to dance, and I'm staring at the floor, and the walls, trying my best not to make any eye contact. Some guy comes up to me and hugs me, and I'm like.."Oh God" and realize I just said it out loud. I turn red and walk away going "um um um" and he calls after me like "hey, I was just playin." Yet another reason I hate bars, I'm too shy to be able to handle getting hit on..and not like cute coy shy, more like horribly embarrassingly terrified, please God I'm married, just go away…shy. And what is it about a bar that makes strange men think they can just come up and hug me? Soooo…..the capper of the evening was this..see the whole night the Fratty baseball hatted DJ guys are scoping for the "sexiest" chicks contest…which usually means the ones that are up on tables all night and not getting paid for it….I think I saw all three of them up there talking about me, because I think one had been looking at me all night….but alas, I was passed by since I was too clothed and not grabbing myself. Not that I would have done it, but it would have been an honor to be nominated and included in such fine company. The "contest" was pretty much as you would expect. The freshman girls were "shakin it" and showing their thongs while the frat boys made barbaric hooting noises. The whole spectacle was pretty horrifying, we left shortly after….and my friend says to me "that was fun Ame, we need to do this more often" ….Um..alright, I guess. 
1277: Hind Sight The waiting room was crawling, standing room only. It was two days after Christmas and I was trying not to think about my impending eye surgery. Women were there with their oh-so-supportive husbands, anticipating her prospective boob job (I’m sorry, did I say boob job, I meant enhancement ) or wrinkle reduction. One lady was old, bleach blonde hair and white, spiky heeled slouch boots, something told me she wasn’t here for eye surgery. A soap opera spoke softly in the corner, so softly you couldn’t make out what was being said, but it mattered little. The tragic perfection radiated just as well. An ambiguous painting of a thin naked woman hung just above the TV, nipples and privates modestly ignored by the artist. I ended up waiting for three hours, nurses ran about busily and the people clicked their tongues and commiserated with one another about the wait. A woman came in a wheel chair, her husband was on an oxygen machine, his voice was loud and gruff and everyone looked up as he wheeled in his wife saying, “watch your toes, everybody watch your toes.” The lady in the wheelchair cared little for the middle class code of silence. She struck up a conversation with a woman across the room about the soap opera, while everyone else thumbed through old issues of “Country Living” and pretended to not be listening. “I thought that Frederick was the father.” “Yes, I could have sworn that Sarah was dead, she was frozen in that block of ice, remember?” I had always thought that soap opera fans were closet soap opera fans. If they’re proud soap opera fans, then, well they are to be pitied. I exchanged knowing smiles with the lady next to her and we went back to reading articles like, “Creating the perfect marinade” and “Make the perfect window treatments in a snap.” Anything with the word “perfect” in the title. The nurse finally called my name and I took one last look around my blurry world, at the people I had observed for three hourse and hoped I never saw again, and followed her. Dutifully placing a little blue Valium on my tongue and swigging down a Dixie cup of lukewarm paper-tasting water, I asked the nurse nervous questions such as, “Now the doctor knows I’m going out of the country in a week right?” (translation, he is going to be very very very careful, right?). I commented on the crowded waiting room and asked how many surgeries the doctor has performed today. She said she didn’t know, but a lot. I don’t know whether she mistakenly thought I meant how many surgeries he has performed in his whole career. I hoped that’s what she thought I meant. I pictured a very harried doctor slicing my eye with his shaking hands, shook it out of my mind, and waited for the Valium to fill me with good good feelings. I layed down on the operating table. A nurse asked me what my birthday was, I told him. Maybe he was testing to see if I was still coherent? I don’t know. The doctor came in and made jaunty jokes to lighten the mood such as, “hey nice eye patch, that really looks good on you.” I made some sort of “mmhmmph” noise and continued to grip the sides of the upholstery beneath me as if I were going to float away if I didn’t hang on tight. My eyes were taped open. Then he suctioned and sliced my eye, “Okay, Amy, you’re going to feel a little bit of pressure and then a small vibration.” About this time a nurse came in and informed the doctor that somebody needed to see him. He yelled that he couldn’t have this sort of interruption and he’s just trying to finish up “this patient.” My nails were now fully engaged with the upholstery. The nurse asked if I was alright, I tried to nod but then she said “don’t nod.” Right. I had to look directly at a light, while the laser fried my cornea. I could smell it. And then, I was given the hugest sunglasses in the world “solar shields” appropriately was written on the sides, but actually there was enough space on there for Budweiser to advertise. I imagined that they were X-ray goggles or X-men superactivation bifocals or something. I received my “free” gift, eyedrops. I should have felt pretty elated when I groggily turned, adjusted my hair net, looked up and read the clock, it was five till. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/194219.male.27.Communications-Media.Leo.xml:
106: Hen I dont care! Jes kidding!!!! Congrats dude! Hows everybody doing? Im doing alright over here. As all of you know I got a job for a cmpany called Experian. I also just moved into a new apartment. I live now in a suburb of Chicago called Schaumburg!. I guess thats it for now! :)

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/202334.male.17.indUnk.Aquarius.xml:
31: Took the day off yesterday since I was tired so today I'm back with a review of Morris Day's It's About Time. I first heard of Morris Day while watching Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back when they played Jungle Love at the end of the song. So I thought I'd see how this cd is. So, without furthur adu (spelling is wrong I'm sure lol), the review: 1. The Bird - An Awesome upbeat song that makes you want to get up and dance. It got my head boppin while listening to it and that's a great sign! 2. Jungle Love - I love this song, absolutely love it. It gets me goin every time I hear it, from the first time I heard it on Jay and Silent Bob to now. 3. Gigolos Get Lonely Too - A Slower song. The music is chilling/relaxing. It reminds me something you'd hear in a cafe or a coffee shop. It's not really a bad thing, just slower. Pretty good song too 4. Cool - Nice keyboards and horns. lyrics aren't all that mind-blowing. But it's an alright song. 5. Ice Cream Castles - I don't know about this one. I don't like the guy's voice on this song, it seems weird. Not too strong of a song for me, not even close to a favorite. 6. Get It Up/777 - The very beginning, the VERY beginning reminded me of the ghostbusters theme, the keyboards did at least. Anyways, a decent song, not a favorite and not the worst. 7. Girl - short song, pretty decent, nothing spectacular 8. Fishnet - better than the previous song. It's a cool song. 9. Ain't A Damn Thing Changed - I really like this song, nice lyrics and the voice of the guy singing it is good too. It's a bumpin song, some good bass too. 10. In My Ride (with E-40) - Sweet beat here, it's like laid back but filled with energy just getting ready to explode. It never really does explode like the beat makes you believe but it is still a good song. 11. Two Drink Minimum - Great beats that make you wanna get up and dance around a bit. 12. Last Night - I like this song, the female singer does a good job and it makes a great change so far in the cd. -------------------- Overall I really enjoy this cd. The beats and horns are just top-notch and really get to me, in a good way. I find myself movin' to the beat with many of the songs. I would recommend this cd to purchase. BEST SONG : This one will be a tie. There were two songs that I really really liked and they just happened to be in the beginning. The Bird and Jungle Love . WORST SONG : Ice Cream Castles . This song just did nothing for me. RATING: : 7/10

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/206222.male.24.indUnk.Aries.xml:
134: My friends it is that time again. What time you might ask. Well I'll tell ya. Its time to let you inside. Inside the mind of yours truly. To those who know me, if you ask they may say.." well Cory really has nuthin up there but a few beans." At some moments these people are right. Are they? Tonight was your regular night of youth misfortune. As per usual not a single person has any idea of what or where to partake in our nights festivities. One again we are forced into the never changing ritual of getting in the car and just going. Truthfully I actually like this part I have a blast of a time each and every time we do it. Only problem is with 4 18 - 21 males in one car you get your run of the mill ideas for the evenings arrangements. You get your choice of hitting the local bar/ venue. Your local taco dispensary, which is always a favorite among the weak. Or the never fail, "Lets get some beer and drink in the desert!" If you are wondering about the whole desert thing, let me explain. You see the circle of friends that I have most are underage, not child molestation underage, just about 2 years away from being a legal upstanding citizen. You see? Ok so the desert is really the only place I can have a few with my friends. This situation really sux in its own beautiful way. The whole sitting in your good pair of pants (cause you know you only have one) in a huge pile of dirt, drink once cold but now luke warm KEYSTONE LITE. Desert flying creatures are trying at any chance they get to end their brief lives inside your beer. One of your bastard ass friends is reeking havoc on your freshly conditioned hair with huge clogs of dirt. Now that I think about this it sounds really shitty. For some strange reason some of the most fun I have had in recent months has come from the barren wasteland know as the desert. Tonight it was door number 2. The taco factory. I don't enjoy the place myself but what the hell. We spend about an hour or so in. I go on a straw attack spree, wounding anyone in arms length with a straw. We saw cactus jack, either it was him or a lost mountain man who has just found his way back to civilization after many a year living the grizzled life. So in conclusion I myself had an alright evening. Go check this playa hata's blogger 
260: Salutations ............that's what that dork says 10 to the hour every hour on MTV2. You know who! that chubby, bald, white metal - head guy. Anyway, today I represented all the hardcore bums in the world. I did absolutely nada . Maybe not. I did play the role of mechanic and fix my car. Of course this did not have its turmoil. By no means necessary am I mechanically inclined. It was a simple but mind bending task. You know that huge fan , that I'm pretty sure is used as some sort of torture device in third world countries, was rubbing against the radiator. Don't ask me how this came about ,but it did. So I had to figure out a way to rig this thing so there is no form of touching involved. While in getting down and dirty on this journey, I drop a very significant piece deep in the heart of the gosh darned engine. At first I was tricking myself to belive that I really did not need this piece. Of course later on in the rebuilding process I discover that this piece was the most important. I could have just taken off the bloody fan and driven the car as is. Eventually I would have exploded and that damn piece of metal would have become a flaming hot projectile aimed at my head. Wouldn't that be marvelous? Now I have to try and get this thing out of the engine. So I get down MAGIVER style. I concoct a crude lever of the sorts. Imagine this will you. Me , with this unraveled clothes hanger, with a huge magnet that I ripped from the fridge taped to the end of it. I'm sticking this damn thing in every open crevice I see. Hoping that the piece I lost had a different polarity that the magnet. I was actually thinking to myself," I wonder if this magnet has a southern polarity or a northern?" It was a low point in my life I admit. "CLICK" I hear something cling to the magnet. I pull it out and GEE WIZ its the darn piece I needed. Science prevails! I resemble the junk and decide to give it a start. I crank the key and return to the front , to see if I could hear any scraping or what not. I hear nothing ,,,,,,,,, but I do catch a glimpse of a geyser of blood like liquid pumping out of my car. At that second I remembered, OH YEAH ! I did disconnect that hose didn't I ? I rush to turn the car of , the poor thing had almost bled to death. It was like being in one of those operation shows on TLC. The car arrives bleeding from the head, I must hurry to reattach the hose/vein. Successful! Oh God Shes going under. /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\---------------------------------------------------------- we need two pints of blood/ transmission fluid. I hop in the ROLLS/ TOYOTA and head for the local auto part facility. "I need two pints of tranny fluid STAT! I'm on my way baby , do go , its not time your to young. ----------------------------------------------------------/\---/\------------------/\/\/\/\/\/\/\\/\/\/\/\\/\/\/\/\/\\/\. Excelsior! The after math was like an Evil Dead movie, red liquid everywhere, I looked like I just killed a man. The fluid was on me it stained my skin, my white under shirt was a bloody catastrophe. On the garage floor the huge puddle was slowly making its way down the driveway. The patient lived. A little rest and she'll be alright. 
377: A little while ago I was sitting in my room reading and listening to the radio, something I rarely do(listen to the radio) and while I was doing all of this a song came on. The werid thing is that I remember the exact place and time when I first heard it. It was the summer between 8th and 9th grade. I was sitting in my room listening to the radio and talking on the phone to the only girlfriend I have ever had.Sad right? Yeah I know, so I got to thinking about all of my firsts. You know the first time you did something significant in your life.(Example) first time you drank a beer, smoked pot, kissed a girl, first job etc.......... I began to feel a little nostalgic for these certain things. I started to remember things that I had once forgotten. I started to remember the way I felt at these moments and the way everything smelled and what not. I remember the first time I rode a bike, my dad taught me. It wasn't the; let me hold the bike while you peddle slowly next to me while you learn balance. I sat on the bike, he grabbed the back of the seat, gathered some strength and shoved me full tilt into the street. Very effective; if you think about it in a moment like that you have no choice, fall or ride and I guess I rode. I remember the first time I kissed a girl, who dosen't? It was in her room, I can still smell her and the room. Her and I in a dark airconditioned room sitting on some little recliner thing that squeeked everytime you moved. She was sitting on my lap and in the cold darkness history happened. Boys 2 men was on the hi-fi and the room smelled of dead roses. The smell was a little relaxing as I remebered it. A small line of light creeped underneath the closed and locked door. The muffled voices of party goers just on the other side. That was the summer life changed. The summer of 94'. After that, new school, new friends, new everything. The time in life when you discovering yourself and everything else. Who knew it would last so long? I'm none the bit wiser than I was 7 years ago. I remember the first day of kindergarten, the first time a lot of kids were away from their parents for the first time in life. I can remember the smell of crayons and finger paints. I recall the alphabet rug that was standard in every kinder class. I picked the P to pay tribute to the last name. A good portion of the kids crying as their parents left them behind in the company of a stranger. Some completetly losing their minds when their parents walked away, When my mom left I wanted to cry just as bad but i held that shit in. I had this huge afro with a chunk cut out of it right in the front. The night before I had an unpleasent experience involving a huge speaker and my head. So that chunk missing was replaced by a few stiches holding my 5 year old skull together. I had temporarily forgotten about that head wound untill lunch time when I was the freak of the school and everyone had to come marvel at the boy with string in his head. I think maybe thats were my fear of social eviroments comes in. After school when my mom came to pick me up I was never more glad to see her, then I unleashed the beast on her for making me go to school and exposing my giant freak head. Ok last one, the first time I got drunk. This girls house, her name slips my mind right now. Nice trip into the archives huh? Anyway, she had this rad ass pool and her brother was old enough to by beer, her parents were out of town. Could this be more perfect? So, he buys beer and bottles of booze, when your 14 you have no knowledge of whats good and whats not. So eveyone is downing they could put their little hands on. So you have a backyard full of 14 year old drunken idiots. So you have that one kid who thinks cause he's drunk he can go and be an idiot, you have the kids who think their harcore and are sitting on the patio smoking cigaretts, saying to themselves"look at all these immature kids." In actuallity their the sissies that didn't drink anything and if they did they would go home reaking of booze and get grounded. So I myself was just getting trashed beyond all comprehension, someone has the bright idea of getting in the pool and doing whatever drunkards do in a pool. I see a shiet load of hot chicks get in the pool so I'm all for it. I get in having a blast, totally drunk and the next thing I know I'm bleeding a tad from the head. Yes once again I'm bleeding out of my giant freak head. It turns out that some jerk decided it was cool to fall down and in the process chuck his/her bottle 'o' wine cooler in my direction. So my head is bleeding just a little so that somebody notices and I have a crowd of people surronding me asking me if I'm alright. "YEAH I'M COOl!" the blood coming out of my head feels real good against my drunkin skin. Next thing I know I'm sleeping in some corner of some room in some house with a barrage of chicks surrounding me. YEAH! My head in some chicks lap, girls laying on my hungover legs, it was great. So I advise the getting hit in the head to get girls routine . Hey it worked for me at some point. Hey that guy in the bandana is puking in your pool ! Some guy to some chick about some guy in a red bandana. By the way the song that started all of this was an 'Ace of Base' song.....yeah yeah I know

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/216413.female.26.Law.Cancer.xml:
3468: I have to justify why I downloaded an mp3 last night. Saturday a week ago, while at home, I was on my way to my mom's bookshop in home town, driving in her car, Cecil, and as usually listening to BFBS - British Forces Broadcasting Service, the radio service for the british soldiers stationed in Germany. Tis the best radio station up there, best DJs, best music, and hell, the best thing are their traffic reports: I just LOVE to hear bizarre german autobahn exit names when said by a reporter who doesn't speak german and has a nice thick engish/welsh/irish accent. So adorable. If one thing makes me smile in the morn, it's the traffic report. In any way, this was Saturday afternoon, and their "Calling Oman" show was on, basically a show with dedications and songs for those serving in exercise "Saif Sareea" in Oman. Usually, the DJ just reads the (often cryptic, often lovey-dovey) dedications out, but that Saturday, the chap doing the show was reporting live from the family center on one of the bases here in Germany, at a get together of the soldier's families, and the relatives were apparently handing round the mic and saying the dedications themselves. And boy, was that moving. I sat in my car and listened to wifes trying to sound alright and composed saying "I love you and miss you" to their hubbies sitting somewhere in the desert in Oman - but you could hear they were close to tears. There were very small kids saying their "Hi Daddy! Luv'ya, come back soon!" and young kids too shy to say anything and babies screaming in the background. For me, in an odd way, that all got to me. It was all a bit much somehow. I am not a military person, I do not support those air strikes (but don't have any great idea for a non-military solution either) and understand that some people decide for the military as a job. Those husbands and fathers and mothers are there in Oman to simply do their job and they have to carry the risks, yet I couldn't rid myself of knowing that when those men and women left for Oman at the end of August, they didn't know that this wouldn't be a reguar long planned exercise but that they would suddenly find themselves rather close to a major hot spot. - Neither did their families. I sat in my car and felt with those families just like I felt for those families whose loved ones died in the World Trade Centers, the Pentagon and the plane crash in Pennsylvania, walking through NY putting up posters hoping that their mother, father, brother, daughter, lover was amnesiac and somewhere in a hopsital - as long as they were alive. I felt for them just like I do for the refugees in Afganistan trying to get into Pakistan and for the families of the hijackers who are still deeply in denial and claim that the mossad planned the attacks. I felt fot them like I do for the rescue workes and help personnel and volunteers all over the world, too, from red cross workers setting up refugee camps in Pakistan to the clean up crews in New York to the grief counsellors helping the families. 5 weeks ago, noone could have imagined what the world would be like today. The soldiers in Oman had no idea. Their families didn't. The people on the planes, in the offices didn't. No one did. Those attacks influenced the lives of so many people all over the world, in big and in small ways. They displaced people, they took fathers and mothers and relatives and friends, they sparked hatred against people because they look foreign. I can not forget that a Sihk man was killed because of hid turban. Hearing the voices of the kids whose dads were in Oman -together with hearing that very same day that a good customer of my mom's is going off with the International Red Cross to the Pakistani border to provide health care for the refugees- made me realize how big and far spread that impact of the attacks has been. And then the DJ on BFBS played a request by one of the wifes: Richard Marx's "Right here waiting" . Yes, kitschy. Yes, the ultimately overplayed, horrible horrible song of way too many LDR couples. Yes, sickening and sweet. But still. To confess: Yours truly sat in her mom's car and drove through home town and started swallowing hard and then sobbing at that whole "oceans apart day after day and I slowly go insane" thing. Whythen, you might wonder? I am not quite sure. Maybe out of some odd form of solidarity, maybe simply because I know what being away from someone is like, even if thankfully never in a situation where the one I love was in danger. That crying of mine was odd, bizarre almost, as many reactions, including my own, to all the things that have happened in the past month have been. - At least my crying was not angry or full hatred but mainly sadness. The oddest reaction I have seen was that guy at the baseball stadium memorial service in NY holding a sign saying "enough grieving: let's roll" and thereby asking for retaliatory strikes. In any way, I downloaded that song last night, just like that. However, the higher beings of the net must have wanted to save me from the hell that listening to Richard Marx is: the quality of that mp3 is so bad, that in combination with the song in general, it's unbearable to listen to. At least something. So please, do not worry about my sanity. These are odd times, accept my odd behaviour.
5747: Which LOTR Woman are you? hah! aragorn is mine! note: i did not - did NOT- tamper with this test. hah! considering the number of time i've gotten this result, it looks like me and aragorn were indeed meant to be. and well, as i'm aware that lotr just isn't "real" (sob), just give me viggo instead. he'd do alright, too. :) (via clarablog , who wants viggo, too.) 
6857: evan found out about his intern placement today: he got the place at the hospital he wanted to be at. his soon-to-be-housemate suzy got her place there, too. the letter they send him today was the first ever addressed to "Dr." Evan. :) it's getting real, this transition into the workforce, adulthood, responsibility, moving out. i am so excited for and proud of him, if a little worried because it will take even more work for us to stay connected and happy and well through this time of change. but we'll be alright, i am sure. this is the first step of so many changes happening in the next year or so: his being an intern, my graduating, my emigration. it's scary, but exciting, and needed. i am so ready for us to move closer. how can anything not be alright when i'll be there in 21 days to be part of the change? :)
7996: "so why do i find it so difficult to concentrate on anything else" stuart wondered today , and i, too, wonder, because it's similar for me. i feel lobotomised by current events and the tv. i should probably just turn it off, but i can't. the events that were held in response to the war in my city today seemed and felt not right. the prayer i went to was alright, they had an interesting reading and sermon by a pax christi (which is a roman catholic peace initiative) priest. he read from the revelation (which is actually the part of the bible i know and like best) and talked about the imagery, and followed with thoughts on the religious imagery that george w. uses - interesting stuff, well thought through. i realised during the prayer, how deeply embedded christian culture, specifically catholicism is in me, but also noticed how detached i feel from it. - i can say the words and prayers and sing the songs, but they are without meaning, they don't move me, no matter how hard i try to bring a meaning back to them by consciously removing the ritualistic aspects. i feel more at home chanting mantras these days. how strange. the demonstration was strangely emotionless, too. it felt ritualistic and pointless. i kept thinking how ridiculous it is that we middle-class people in a small town in germany take 2 hours off (fitting in nicely between shopping for organic food on the farmer's market, and settling in front of the telly for saturday soccer) on a beautiful spring day to walk through the street carrying signs and think it makes a difference to those who run this war. they don't care what's happening in their own country where they keep cutting constitutional rights left right and centre, why would they care about us, in a country that has fallen from grace already because our goverment opposed this war (which wasn't out of care for iraqis, or belief in the un, but because they wanted re-election. one would think george w. would understand this motive and be easier on gehard). i just didn't have a specifically good day today. the boy and i, we talked this morning, and exchanged views on the war (others would call it argueing), but had to stop in the middle of it, because he went out for dinner. added to my feeling of being left behind, disconnected and very low on his priority list again. - it's such an acute feeling, i wonder what it means, i wonder whether we can rebuilt what we used to have, i wonder what it would take for that to happen. i'm sad, because there is so little coming from him, that i find myself withdrawing, too, which isn't helping the situation, obviously. withdrawing seems like the better option though: being extra pushy would only make matters worse. it just doesn't seem like the right time to bring up what's bothering me, what i feel is not going right, - so i'm being the little martyr for now, swallowing it down and hoping it will pass, once his life gets more settled. don't know how to deal with my jealousy though, which keeps creeping up, too. no wonder though, is it, when everyone else takes priority over me? i don't know. what also keeps sneaking into my mind, and hurts, is that he still hasn't picked up my parcel from the post office. it arrived on wednesday, and he claims neither he, nor anyone he knows (you know, none of his flatmates, none of those he keps swopping work for) had had the chance to pick it up. - it makes me wonder why i rushed to get it all packed up so quickly, basically ran through town to get all the things i know he'd like together and also spend so much money to get it there quickly if he doesn't care. i wonder what he cares about in the first place: it doesn't seem to be anything concerning me, not the sms, the emails, the calls. it's sad, but right now it feels like people other than my partner, some of whom have never met me irl, seem to care more about hearing from me and interacting with me, than he does. comparing people like this is evil spirited, of course, and i know it - like i wrote above, these are changing times for him, and i really should stop this and support him and be quiet and the little martyr. - it's just not working very well, and it feels so fake, so calculating, so wrong. that should tell me something, i guess, shouldn't it? this afternoon, i went to the once a month saturday yoga class with bettina. - it was just katrin, bettina and me, so we got lots of attention, and lots of difficulty: a different kind of sun salutation that included the warrior pose i (virabhadrasana), warrior pose iii and half moon pose and subsequently made me topple over. uh, yeah. also attempted pincha mayurasana which was scary and difficult. headstand seems easy compared to this: i can trust my arms and shoulders to hold me and carry my weight in that - but my hands and elbows? bettina helped me hold the pose for a few seconds, but the feeling remained strange and scary. something else to work on, i guess. overall though, the class was good and energising. katrin and i made plans to go to the sauna together on wednesday (girls night at the gym sauna, - which is preferable over there, i don't like sitting next to body builder blokes showing off their dicks and ogling my abs, checking whether i am working them out alright. cultural lesson: we germans are naked in saunas). am not sure whether she's someone i have stuff to talk about, but it's good to have some plans, and it's good to make an effort, i think. like mentioned before: i need people around. lastly, on the way home, i passed by a poster proclaiming the start of a 10 week ashtanga and massage course starting friday in two weeks. i do have time on fridays, the location is within practically walking distance, too.... am unsure though, whether adding another discipline and yet another teacher is such a good idea. so far, sivananda teamed up with the bit of yvengar and ashtanga that ralph does serves me well. but then... i don't know. bettina might soon not run the class at my gym anymore: we're so few people, i wonder whether they won't cancel her class, soon. overall, though, that ashtanga couse sounds too good to pass by, the guy who will run it sounds knowledgable from the bio provided on the poster, and massage... hmmm. i'll go and write down the number from the poster tomorrow, i guess, and give the guy a buzz. if i can afford it, i'll do it. more time out of the house, more yoga, more new people. all good reasons, i think. that much for now. not that i have anything to do this saturday night, but flipping channels on the telly (they all seem to be anxiously waiting for the next bombings, little to show, apparently), and probably going to bed, soon. as unexciting as it gets.
8343: i was sad this afternoon, after phone discussions with evan. it felt like he listened and understood what i was saying, and what it meant, for the first time in months. i wasn't fighting the sadness and the grief (because that's what it was, really), but letting them be, and that was good. i was starting to wonder whether i had turned all fatalistic and cold. - so i haven’t. the day made a turn for the better through yoga and dinner with the yoga people afterwards, a rigo with tina and emails. it was so good to sit down over food with 3 other people, and talk, be listened to, understood, - and liked, even with flaws. i am amazed by it, and feel blessed. i haven't had this in so long. how could i ever do without a support net? claudia (who’s not regularly at yoga, because she’s a stewardess) is apparently in a similar situation, also kicked off by her partner, who is now amazed, too, by what he started off, and she said some wise things. lots along the lines that there are no bad decisions, just decisions which have both good and bad aspects about them, but she thinks making a decision is always good. i think i agree with her. other stuff she she said showed she had listened to me and noted things i had said in the past. the first time i was ever at dinner with everyone after yoga, i had told them i was going to emigrate, and had said "but please try to get to know me nonetheless, yes?" , as if it was a joke, even though i was damn serious. and claudia mentioned that today. smart woman, this one. in any way, it was good, the yoga, and all that talking, and it looks like we’ll be doing a big fat, drunken, dancing girl’s night out this weekend. which i haven’t done in way too long. when he left, ralf told me he wouldn’t mind me not going to australia - he’d prefer having me hang around. which is good to hear, and much needed. it sounds all hippie, but no matter what, it will be, and it will be good. this doesn't mean waiting to see what happens, - to me, it means making decisions, in the good knowledge that no matter what, it will be alright.
8681: i'm happy, you know? it's strange, how i suddenly noticed that it's here, this happiness, and how it has sticked around for days now. i'm not used to this. sure, not everything is perfect right now, some stuff is far from, actually, but this strange acute happiness syndrome has lasted through a massive hangover, a session with dr.k, study related stresses, boy stresses, time flying by and me getting maybe half the stuff done i need to get done (but maybe that's just because i'm enjoying myself, who knows), a few things that aren't usually that good. so it's still here, this happiness, and that just fuckin' rocks. you know, it's friends that make me so happy. i've realised again that starting up, and deepening and developing friendships is a bit (and sometimes exactly) like having a crush. not only do you get some newrelationshipenergy(TM), you're also anxiously trying to figure out whether there might actually be *something* of substance after all. or whether that substance is still there. i can't put into words what i missed these years, with tina and me seperated and without contact. in a way, we picked our friendship up where we left it. i realised the other day, that we are so similar in some regards that it hurts. while we've not worked through everything that went bad then and are still sometimes tripping around issues, and while it's sad that it took us so long to get back to what we've got, there's not a moment of regret we didn't catch up earlier, but an allcovering happiness about us having reconciled. and it's good. i needed a galpal here. there's another not so brand-new friendship that's lately been deepening with novel-like emails which are exhausting to write, but feel fabulous to send off and receive. they make me awfully happy, too, even when those novels are sad and make me wish to give his 7-year-old-self a big fat squeeze and tell him he should hit back, and that even if he won't, all will be fine in 15 years, and he'll get through alright and be a rockin' kind of bloke. it's all very good, and i feel very much cared for, and that rocks. then there's kathrin, who i met at gym yoga. we've been chatting, and to the sauna, and we met both yesterday and today to work out, which has been good. with her, i'm most curious whether we have more in common than just our interest in yoga and the same gym. we're in two quite different spots, admittingly: she's from the former east, and i'm west; she's married (nice hubbie!), i'm partnered (and in turmoil, still); she's a physio, i study (and she's got awful respect for that, which she just shouldn't); she's trying to conceive and i'm nowhere near that. nonetheless it's been cool so far: we're both willing, and interested, and we'll see. exciting! there's the "boys" at the laundromat, too, just a 2 minute walk away anytime i need a free coffee, a burned cd and a few caresses for my ego. on thursday, when i unsuccessfully burned a few cds there, reza (who runs the copy shop next door) came in, and proclaimed me the ideal woman every man wanted. i told him it was just because of my curves and muscly roundness, and padded my thigh. to that he quickly jumped over to my computer and admiringly weighed and padded my thigh, too. hm. i've got a good firm thigh these days. :) dieter offers more than friendship every single day anyway, but i wonder whether he wouldn't decline if i took him up on it (which i just wouldn't do, ever). marco does that, too. but i don't mind. no matter what, it's fab to be a local somewhere and to always be welcome, and it makes me feel at home in this city. -which i just haven't felt in years, actually. and there's so many more: the yoga people, kitto and heather and brianna and some more scarleteeners, some more blog folks, like stuart (who i owe multiple emails, still) and lastly, my other tina in faraway austria, and i miss her, and can't believe i haven't seen her in 9 months, and wish her penty of good stuff, and that all will go well at tuesday's exam. generally, i feel quite well looked after right now by my friends, and that's a feeling i haven't had in a while. spring being here, helps, too. it popped up from nowhere, the green stuff, sometime last week, and now it's everywhere the hills around the city are brightly and violently light green, today the skies are blue, there are primroses on my balcony (yellow and pink), and while it's chilly, it's fresh and nice outside, and i realise i can't wait for summer. further happiness is caused by plain old feeling good in my body. it's still a new thing for me sometimes, liking my body, but right now, i do, and do so muchly. this morning, kathrin, hubbie matthias and i went to a spinning class, which i hadn't done in ages. the bloke who ran it did it fabulously: we were put in groups, and chased and lead, and for a while had to imagine being domestiques and do a little maneuver including falling back to the team car, getting water, then pedaling all the front to the peleton to reach our team leader. 25 minutes into the class, the endorphine high kicked in. i kept imagining tour de france scenes, i was pedalling away full power and awfully, awfully happy for being healthy, and able to do this, and being with friends and having fun. when we had finally reached our hilltop and were on the final descend, the bloke who ran it told us to imagine a great descens, and i closed my eyes and saw and felt a perfect descend in the pyrrhenes, plenty of curves, wind, views, valleys. it was perfect, and like meditation. and as usual, by the end of an hour on the spinning bike, i was full of admiration for lance and every other pro rider: my bum hurts so much after this one hour, it's agony. so good no one's here to ask for sex of the intercourse kind right now, it'd be impossible. i urgently need padded pants if i want to do spinning more regularly again, to prevent serious bruising and blood flow problems to happen. oh well. it still rocked, and rocked muchly. to end this happiness register for now, i indulged yesterday, and purchased a tub of http://www.usa.thebodyshop.com/web/tbsus/products/us_products_detail.jsp?curr_category=TBSUS_body_body_butter&parent_category=TBSUS_body&itemID=TBSUS34557&is_mac=false">body shop mango body butter and now smell and feel totally soft and edible and all over the body lickable, that i do wish someone was here to do just that, after all. now i got to hurry: dinner at tina's place, and i still need to change into something presentable. life is so bloody good right now. (regarding happiness: leaving cnn turned off and putting the head into the desert sand for a little while, helps, too.)
8708: here in caroville, we're a bit tired and trying to avoid self-pity, which is so embarrasing when the reason for feeling poor has been self induced. i'm feeling great, despite being tired (as one is after 2 hours of sleep, - a 2 hour afternoon nap can't make up for a whole night, i guess) and drained by whatever is still left of this hangover of mine. tina and i had a fabulous time last night: on top of a brillant yoga class during which i managed to do a headstand, in the middle of the room, and hold it, came episode #3 of the thornbirds, plenty of vino, and above all, lots and lots of high quality girl talk. for the uninitiated: episode 3 is the best of the series, mainly because it's the culmination point of ralph (the priest) and meggie's relationship. and because those sex scenes were the first i ever saw on the telly i guess. and they are actually not that bad, either. tina and i squealed with delight at some of the overly dramatic scenes and squealed some more when ralph finally breaks his vows and "turns into a real man" when he has has sex with meggie and talks about finally feeling "whole" during afterglow. awwww. you know, that's what i want, soppy, overly romantic that i am: sex as the union of two people, despite all odds. tina and i, we had an extraordinary amount of red wine, both during and after the episode, and when the vino was gone, proceeded to salvage the last alcoholic beverages in my fridge, too, a process during which we realised that "rigo" by bacardi is nothing but a poor cocktail substitute for bogans and white trash, and a way to seduce young-uns to consume booze. we talked until about 4 in the morning, both crawled into my bed, and once we finally managed to stop talking, slept. tina for quite a while, me only until 5am, when i had to get up for a scheduled scarleteen staff discussion. i wonder how i managed to type coherently, but i did, and it was a fruitful, worthy discussion. i crawled back into bed and slept another hour till i had to get up for therapy. took quite a bit of effort to get going: there's a rule to not go to therapy intoxicated, so i showered till no hot water was left and until i felt i could think straight, put on make-up and started to feel at least sort-of alright again. therapy was quite okay, even though i am still not sure -as mentioned before- it's actually useful to talk about the boy at the moment, with anyone. i can't say i enjoy someone basically telling me i deserve better, and that he thinks evan is doing this because he's under too much pressure to really leave me, for an hour a week. i still got my mind set on giving the boy some slack for now, because this is a major life change for him, and wait and see what happens when he comes over in summer and then we'll take it from there. he started looking at flights this week, too. which is good. after therapy, tina and i brunched extensively for hours at my place, and then shopped a bit and just had an overall lovely girl time, which i missed so much, both in general, and specifically with her, too. so silly that we split for 3 years, about nothing (aka a bloke). we always were each others support nets, and when we went our own ways, both crashed. here's to hoping we can get back on track together, too. not sleeping alone was nice, too, even though it was tina (aka a girl, who i like, but not in that way, most of the time), and there was hence little cuddling. no matter what, bed company is lovely, and having someone there for brekkie was, too. so all was good and splendid, and an enjoyable time was had by all. it feels like our friendship is fully back on track, which is so good for my sanity and happiness and everything. i tried to be efficient this afternoon, but to no avail, so i went to bed, and felt good about that, too, and woke up when the boy called, which was cool, too. overall, i'm tired, and hangovered (hmmmm.. aspirin and diet coke with lemon -the best ever- is a good relief, i'm just discovering) but awfully, awfully happy and levelled and just content with life. all very much needed, that trashy tv and vino and girl talk. now food. not because i'm terribly hungry, but because my stomach is still all fuzzy, and because an old fashioned (not terribly healthy, but great) comfort food dinner of fish fingers, new potatoes and spinach to be followed by häagen dasz macadamia nut brittle will make life even better.
9154: monday, on the way home from the supermarket, carrying a four pack of rigos under one arm, dirk and i passed by two obviously homeless punks sitting at a bächle near my place, begging. the two were in good spirits, jokingly shouting at us "hey folks, how are you? can we have one of your rigos?" "well, blokes, usually, sure thing, but it's my birthday today, and we're doing some partying so we need all four of them. but next time, i'll give you one, alright?" i replied. "oh, it's your birthday? cool! congratulations!" the two of them offered me handshakes and well wishes, and i graciously accepted them. after a short little chat, dirk and i got going again, and they shouted after us wishing us a great day and telling us that they'd smoke some dope in my honour that night, which i laughed about and thanked them for. yesterday afternoon, the two of them were sitting at the exact same spot again, and i walked past them on the way back from the supermarket. "hey blokes, how are you today?" . both were in great spirits, recognising me, asking how my birthday went. "you gonna be here for another few minutes?" , i asked, "if you'll be here for another half an hour, i'll go home and get you the leftover rigo i still have from monday, what do you reckon?" . an offer that wasn't refused. thirty minutes later, i get back to them, giving them that last rigo, icecold from my fridge. they seem amazed i kept my word, and laugh, and so do i. we chat some more, i ask how they are, how long they'll stay in town, and whether there is anything else i can do. i tell them that i'd prefer giving them something a bit better than booze, like something to eat, if they wanted. they tell me that yeah, they hadn't had anything proper to eat all day and that they'll stay in town till the weekend, before moving down to zürich. i tell them that next time i see them this week, i'll get them something proper, if they want, which the two tell me would be cool. i got to go and tell them "look after yourself, you two cuties (which they are, really) i'll see you around later this week." before i rush off though, the one sporting a mohawk tells me he still has a birthday pressie for me, and hands me a a scrap of paper, containing enough pot for one joint. i smile as i walk away, and for much of the evening, when thinking about those two, and in what great mood they are, despite it all. they seemed happier than many. i realsied that sharing stuff you enjoy yourself (no matter whether its just dope and booze), and friendliness and talking and connecting, no matter how brief the period of time is, no matter how different someone seems to be compared to yourself, are seriously good things, that light up your day.
9620: when i arrived back home late last night, i got to unpack the birthday present my brother send me from london. it's a pink t-shirt from fcuk that lists "love/sing/sleep/dream/eat/fcuk/laugh" in bold arial down the front. it's lovely. i know that "fcuk"/"fuck" thing is getting kinda boring in the uk, but this ain't the uk, so why care? i like it. apart from the "fuck" thing, i think did everything listed on the shirt, these past few days. and more. a whole lot more. it's been a while since i had days that were as packed as these without being stressed out. it was a good seminar, this one. exceptional, actually, and my ultra-brief stay in munich with dirk's friend martin was highly enjoyable, too. i left the city late saturday morning, packed into a tiny corsa with 4 other people heading to the seminar and lots and lots of luggage: not the kind of roadtripping i like. as if that wasn't enough, the other 4 seemed to have only one topic of interest: preparing for law finals. those fuckers. put more than 3 law students in one place, and within less than 10 minutes they will discuss finals, review classes or not, exams ad nauseam. i slept instead of partaking in this boring exercise. the driver, the aforementioned girl i would have preferred to avoid, almost killed us twice, alas, with no success. after 6 hours of being squeezed into the corsa and a brief stop at germany's only feng shui resthouse , i was dropped off at martin's place in downtown munich. martin and i, we wasted no time and immediately took off to a party that ended up incorporating 3 locations (a lakeside/garden bbq/rented bar) and lasting 9 hours. a grande celebration, indeed. it was the combined birthday/graduation party of one of martins snowboard teacher friends, and yeah, it was an experience, not just because i (obviously) didn't know anyone but martin. it was a surreal/twilight zone type of experience at times: everyone was good looking. the group of friends that was partying that night (close to 100 people or so) looked like out of a clothing shoot for neon or something. everyone was *hip* in that pretentious but effortless-looking "i don't care about clothes at all, i'm just coming back from the beach/the slope/something equally cool" leisurely, sporty easy-going surfer-style. i know it's just as fake, just as planned as any other style people and cliques choose, but it still had quite some appeal. much more appeal than all those law people wearing burberry, trying to be all upper class at least. i don't know whether all the non-perfect people the birthday girl knew were not invited, but i don't think i have ever seen that many really good looking people in one place. it was odd, but fun. one bloke in particular, a snowboard-teacher/physiotherapist (how come i like physiotherapists all of the sudden?)/student called harry was especially exceptional. at location #1 (the lake), he was jumping around in bathing shorts that could not have hung an inch lower without exposing his dick, and good grace, this man had THE BODY. i think i've never seen that kind of body in real life before: it was perfect. absolutely perfect. perfectly rounded. perfectly muscly (no bodybuilder-ugliness). perfectly firm. perfectly proportioned. perfectly six-packed. perfectly hip-boned. perfectly veiny stomach. breathtaking, that body. harry very obviously knew about his bodies' perfectness and showed it. jumping around, shaking his bum. doing sports. shaking his head just *so*. he had this physical-ness and ease about himself that made me all envious and goose-bumpy and getting a girly hard-on. on top of that, he had the arrogance to go with his perfectness. what fun. he kept making playfully arrogant sidestatements to me, and i kept kicking back. didn't have my usual level of verbal skills available though: i simply could not stop admiring this perfectly bodied arrogant prick. it was estrogen at work, i'd say, or maybe it my genes that were telling me to procreate with that body to give my children a better chance at life. how good that i have my estrogen and my genes under control and don't listen to them. at least most of the time. at the end of the night, just as martin and i were leaving the party, i actually told harry that he had the most beautiful ass i had laid my eyes on in the last year. yes, this was a sexist statement, i know, but i had to say *something* to acknowledge that he had won (and won me over). and well, he appreciated the comment, and seemed pleased. i bet he had heard that before. and more than just once. so yes, it was fun that party, for more reasons than the visual appeal. being out of my comfort zone is good for me, most of the time, and it surely was good this time: i got to sit and wait and observe and realise that all the cool people where not that cool after all, because they were unable to approach and make smalltalk with me. when i had enough of that, i chatted up some new people and enjoyed myself. strange how i forget during my reclusive times how much i actually enjoy interaction with others and that i am actually good at it, too. in the course of the night, i teamed up with peter, who was a guest who knew almost no one else as well, and we chatted about the usual things people who meet like we did talk about: football, women, men and sex. those are the eternal issues, aren't they? apart from that, there was some decent drinking, watching the football, being sad because freddie won't be shooting any more goals this euro and dancing to ragga (is that what it's called?). at 2:30am, martin and i cruised home in his grande old mercedes. it was a string of perfect moments, that cruising home to downtown munich, listening to air and coldplay and talking about personal matters. strangely enough, those perfect moments reminded me of driving home through melbourne with evan. munich isn't melbourne, martin ain't my boyfriend, and that mercedes was surely more comfy than the mg, and i have never talked that openly with evan about what about that long distance relationship did, what i let it do, to my mental health right after that conversation, i had one of those brief moment of being scared about being so wide-open and honest and talking so much, as i often do when i finally talk to people without the usual joking and punlines and cynicism, but i told martin about that feeling, too, and that moment passed, and it was all fine. we slept in on sunday, had breakfast and then our time together was over and i headed out to catch my ride south to the chiemsee at noon. - didn't get to see much of munich, really. - it was a fantastic "first" impression nonetheless. i loved the vibe of the city, the look, the feel. i could live there, i think, and live there well. i would love to live there, i think, not that i'd know how to afford it, but there's plenty of ip to be done there, so it's something i will surely keep in mind. the one hour journey down to the chiemsee, this time with just three people in the tiny corsa, was uneventful: i sat in the back preparing the case i had to present, avoiding any further discussions on law finals. arriving in gstadt at the ferry, i could finally escpae the eternal law final discussions of the corsa crew, as a couple of fellow seminar people and our lecturer max were already waiting for the next ferry, eating ice cream and enjoying the glorious weather. last time i was there, in november, it was all quiet and serene, bright blue skies and sunshine and the alps in the distance, no one on the ferry but us. this time we had the same bright blue skies and the alps were still there of course and there was sunshine, too, but it was also more than 25°C degrees, there was lots of lush green and flower displays on the island and there were also throngs of tourists on the ferry with us. it was cliche germany, cliche bavaria at its best. the only thing missing was some bavarian music, or maybe some wagner. one of the people waiting with max for the ferry was christopher, max's only "leftover" doctorate students from munich. at first sight, he totally reminded me of my friend timm, who i met through the student exchange program. it would turn out that that was an accurate first impression: christopher is quite similar to timm in some ways, not just looks-wise, but personality wise as well. it was eerie in a way, as it made me miss timm who i lost touch with over the past years, and because i sometimes thought the person who was there was timm, not someone else altogether. i actually had to apologise to christopher at one point during the seminar, because i was just mixing him up with timm in my head and once i quit that, it was much better. no need to mix someone up with a long missed friend, when that person is fantastic already. while definitely not timm, christopher turned out to be much more than good looking and funny: he's extremely smart, spontaneous and fun to be around. - anything but your average law student. no discussions on law finals were had in his presence. we kinda clicked in some ways, and ended up spending a lot of our time together during the seminar. i wish max imported him to freiburg. - i don't think there's a man like him to be found at freiburg uni's law faculty. i wish there was. or maybe not, because crushing on him would be kinda taxing in the long run, ogling him in the library and not getting any work done. he. :) it was fun while it lasted though. i could do with need someone like him around. so what did we do all these days? law wise, there was lots of work. max gave some brief overviews on important cartel and competition issues and we ended up discussing specific competition issues relating to unfair advertising in great detail and with great enthusiam. lots of time was spend doing case work and hearing lectures by participants. i would have liked some more detailed discussion there, but time was limited, so we rushed through some parts. my little case presentation went well, especially considering how little time i spend preparing it. overall, i learned a fair bit these past few days, realising that competition and cartel law is the other law subject besides ip that i enjoy. i guess i can love law on more days than just thursdays. life wise, it was a mini holiday, really. football was watched on sunday night. christopher, jens and i sat on a landing stage late sunday evening drinking beer, as lightning flashed over the kampenwand, thunder rolling in, rain falling down on us. only as lightning was coming closer and as the rain got heacer and heavier did we sprint back to the convent, huddling under the gate to the courtyard. during our lunch breaks, various groups would trot over the island, admiring the gardens in full bloom and the little ducklings and swans and being envied by tourists when they realised that we were allowed to go inside the convent. mealtime was always good, too, excellent chats and good food (vegetarian but very much non-vegan. they had a list and i marked myself as both vegetarian and non fish, so when they served fish for everyone, i got meat. it caused much confusion because in bavaria, vegetarians apparently all eat fish. duh.). the evenings were long, and there was little sleep. late monday night, as the entire group including max sat on that landing stage, getting drunk, there was a technicolor, miami vice style pink sunset to be observed, and funny conversations to be had. yet another string of perfect moments. long after midnight the hardcore few of the seminar (nadia and i being the only girls) went skinny dipping on the northside of the island. the water was nowhere near as cold as expected, and it was just lovely to swim under the starry sky in the silence of the lake, later sitting on another landing stage, talking for a few more hours. i went to morning laudes on tuesday morning, at 5:30am, which was, like last time, quite a spiritual experience. it was the only chance to again observe the lives of the nuns living in the convent. it's a life so very much different to any life i will ever live, so different to any life i'd ever want to liver, but with an appeal that i can relate to. right after mass, i went swimming with christopher one last time to start the day (not quite skinny dipping this time), and that was yet another perfect moment. it was still totally quiet, the sun was coming up through some light clouds, there was mist hanging over the alps and a lone fisherman was out fishing. the water was cold and nice and refreshing and i felt alive and happy and well. why i never liked swimming naked or topless until last year, i don't remember. - it feels so much better. so yeah, overall, i had a great few days: intense, on many levels, and it wasn't just the competition law. it was strange to face that girl that totally triggered me on so many levels, but i dealt with it, catching that ride and even sharing a room with her. it was alright, not just because i realised that she has flaws, too. i felt pretty good about being me these days, so why try to be someone else? good question, isn't it? i spend good time with people old and new, not just christopher, but nadia, too, who i will be hanging out with later today to watch the football. it was fun that till and reinhard were there as well, and there were more folks who were enjoyable who i will be seeing at uni. who knows, these 3 days might be the basis for a friendship or at least some coffee company for uni. - whatever will be, will be good; i'll feel less lonely in the crowds. there were some good conversations all around during meals, and it was good to once again interact with law people again, making me realise once again that there are some good people among the psychos. when it was time to leave yesterday after lunch, i would have loved to stay longer, even if it had meant more work. despite the workload, it felt like the holiday i needed so much. i got to catch a ride home with reinhard and till (no final exam preparation talks this time), and we road-tripped through bavaria, extending that little holiday of ours. we looked at one of king ludwigs castles ( schloss linderhof )and its venus grotto (the place where he listened to wagner, all alone), having an awful, rushed guided tour there that was designed for the attention span of a "see-europe-in-5-days" american audience. it was overall ok nonetheless, because no matter how awful that castle with its kitschy grotto was, the landscape was grande. and it's "location. location. location." right? i'm even more sure now than after seeing herrenchiemsee, that ludwig was not a mentally healthy person. listening to wagner in a fake grotto dedicated to venus? pardon me. we hopped over the border to austria to get petrol, speeding with till's tiny nissan micra over curvy roads along glacier lakes and back into germany through tiny villages that looked just like people from overseas think germany looks like. neuschwanstein was the distance, which we will visit in november, when max heads out to the convent again for a true ip seminar. we drove home via lake constance and it was past 11 when i got home. walking towards my flat, from martin's gate, i got a serious case of culture shock from all the people still sitting outside and being on the street. - it wasn't that i hadn't seen that many people during those past days, there were the tourists, after all, i think it was the change from country to city. where are the mountains? where is the lake? it didn't help that i was totally zonked out and tired and unable to communicate at all. - dirk was quite upset at me being so out of it. when i'm tired, i apparently appear angry, even though i'm not, and he still can't recognise it. all is fine again today. - i spend the morning at uni listening to max holding the lecture in front of the commission that might give him the job to head the chair for commercial law. now there's organisational stuff to be done, boring things like clean the flat, and a lecture at 4pm that i am not motivated to go to. but i will. go me. so what did i do these past few days? love/sing/sleep/dream/eat/ fcuk / laugh/drink/admire/pray/adore/crush on/ swim/learn/study/enjoy/relax/talk/ listen/road-trip/be-friend and more. i'm happy, yes. very much so.
9890: it's been a perfect day at the tour, perfect from start to finish. it started as we were driving into besancon. a phonak van was in front of us, and a cyclist, too, and as we drove past, i realised that it was oscar sevilla , warming up. yay! my dad and i found a good parking spot, just about 500m away from the tour route in downtown besancon, about 2 cycling minutes behind the starting area. it was a perfect viewing spot, too, a long ascent where you could see far in both directions, with a bend, too. no careful planning could have provided us with&nbsp;a better spot, really. we had lovely neighbours standing next to us. to the left a super-friendly french father and son team. we had fun attempting to actually discuss cycling with bits of french, german and the use of hands and feet. to our right was a group of american blokes in their early thirties (chris, doug and alex) all of them currently living in basel. chris, was as much of a cycling crack as me, so i had someone to discuss cycling things with en detail, you know, whether robbie mcewen &nbsp;is a fair cyclist, whether thomas voeckler might win the tour one day, why the people who were calling jens voigt "judas" on the way up l'alpe d'huez have no clue about cycling etc. the other two were tour virgins. alex, though being a tour first timer, turned out to be interesting company, too. he used to be in the marine corps, went to iraq last year, and he's not in support of dubya. an interesting conversation was had between the two of us on american foreign politics and everything else and it might get into a second round, too, as basel is just an hour away, and as he has only been to freiburg briefly. we might&nbsp;go to next saturdays time trial 2 in bühl as well, or at least i asked chris and him.&nbsp;it would surely be nice. lance will be there, after all, as well. alex, doug and chris were meticulously prepared: they had lots of good food (including giant sandwiches and fruit salad), beer to share (!) and an american flag. so i ended up standing in front of, or next to an american flag for the whole day, mostly speaking english, too, and wearing my "live strong" shirt supporting lance. the only way to not appear american would have been a large&nbsp; "i'm german, though!" sign, but that would have gotten in the way with the clapping, cheering and photographing. so i tried not to care too much. our little group was later joined by fred, another american and a complete tour viewing pro for years who was fun to talk to as well. he actually spend yesterday in paris, lucky him. so my dad and i were in good company, in a good spot, and in such a good mood that the awful amount rain that came down on and off for the first few hours didn't matter that much.&nbsp; later it got hot and sunny and perfect. i could not come up with a better place to be, a better thing to do than standing at the side of the road in besancon, in the sun, waiting for lance in good company, drinking beer. i was totally and completely and utterly happy. and i still am, actually. and then the riders came, jimmy casper, laterne rouge, being the first one. and the fun started. the atmo was lovely, the cheering was good because among those last riders there were tons and tons of french. at some point, my dad went to a different space to watch, and while that wasn't exactly what i had hoped for for our father/daughter tour de france weekend, it was alright. i wasn't all by myself, after all. so we cheered. we guessed who was coming next, because no one had brought, and no one around us had, a classement generale from the previous day (i had tried to but the internet cafe suffered from dsl death friday night). we tried to come up with all the first names of the riders riding past, as the cars following them only showed their last names. we did an organised "aussie aussie aussie! oi! oi! oi!" cheer for the aussie riders. we spoke cycling. we cheered. i took lots pictures and some even turned out fabulous (blessed be my mothers' minolta dimage camera). if that law thing won't work, i'll be the next graham watson . he. between the riders, some of those who had already finished were already cycling home. poor liberty seguros cyclists not only had to ride home, but they had to ride home with big backpacks on their backs as well. i would have expected them to have better funding. at some point, three t-mobile people, among them erik zabel , were riding home slowly (and without backpacks) among lots of cheering and clapping and hoopla. zabel looked totally happy and relaxed, being on his way home and all, and started giving high fives to fans as he rode past. tour de france groupie confession of the day: i shared high fives with erik zabel. ha! i have washed my hands since then though. because as lovely as erik is, he ain't lance after all. so what can i say? it was a lovely day. late in the afternoon, the top ten riders cycled past, the cheering got more intense, the excitement got, too, and then it were jan ullrich, andreas klöden and ivan basso riding past, all 2 minutes apart from each other, and then came lance, riding furiously and faster and better than everyone else, everyone cheered and clapped, the maillot jaune was shining in the sun, and within seconds lance had passed, and the moment had, too, and the spectacle was over. they were the highlight of it all, of course, these few seconds (and i have a video to relive the moment, too) and then everyone went home. we said our goodbyes, the blokes and i, my dad came back to the spot i was standing, and we started walking back to the car. all day, i had seen people wearing lance's yellow "live strong" wristband, and all day i couldn't make myself ask one of them whether they got them from somewhere right there, or whether they had brought them from home, having bought them from the net. because i longed for one. i've longed for one for ages. on the way to the car, there was a huge group of american cycling tourists, all very fit looking, all wearing yellow "live strong" wristbands, right in front of me. so i finally chatted to the man right in front of me. "excuse me sir, i just realised that you're all wearing the live strong wristbands. did you get them around here somewhere?" it must have been a bit odd to be asked that by someone wearing a yellow t-shirt inscribed with "live strong". he explained that they got them earlier during the day from a car during the caravane. i said something about not seeing that and he was friendly enough to explain that you could get them at niketown shops in the us, and online, too, to which i replied that i knew that, but that they didn't ship overseas. i thanked him for the info, we said goodbye, and he walked faster, returning to his group. i was a bit bummed out that i had missed that chance to get that muchly desired wristband and my total high of a day of tour watching, was just a little bit dulled. just a tiny tiny little bit. and then, with a few steps, the american cycling tourist came back to me, the yellow wristband that had been dangling round his right wrist now in his hand, and he pushed it into mine, saying something like "you know what? there you go, have mine, i know you'll really enjoy it". and i was stunned. "thank you. thank you so much. you've just made my day even better than it already is." i replied. "i thought so!" he said to me, smiling broadly, jogging back to his group. that's cycling fans. a day at the tour. can you imagine anything better to do in july? i most certainly can't. 
9980: i'm tired. tired. tired. it's this having a life thing, you know? i'm alone at home again on this monday morning, and it's good to be alone. i've got quite a lot to do today (trip to the laundromat, shopping, studying, working out), quite a lot to do this week (studying), but in an effort to not get too stressed out too early in this 32°C day, i think sitting down and writing is a good thing to do for now. it's been a nice few days, these past ones. last wednesday, tammy arrived from canada. dirk met her in australia in 2001; she joined kolja, sebastian and dirk in their van, they later picked up ullrich, and they travelled through western australia for a few weeks. you know how sometimes when you meet people that you've travelled with, you don't have anything to tell them because all that ever connected you were your travels? for dirk, seeing tammy again has been anything but that. the two of them have gotten along as well as back then (i'd guess), and i've enjoyed her stay as well. she has been a lovely houseguest, the most easy going and easy to please i've ever had, and her stay has been the much needed mini-holiday i've been longing for. they've been busy in a highly relaxed way, these past days. there's been lots of going places, lots of hanging around, lots of talking, lots of fun. tammy got an extended version of the obligatory city tour: she was appropriately impressed. the city made quite an effort to show itself from its best side: constant sunshine and bright blue skies made everything look even more cute and lovely than it already does anyway. we climbed up the spire of the cathedral, walked through the little streets, hung out on augustinerplatz, chilled in cafes. thursday night, we met up with michi to watch fahrenheit 9/11. on friday, we took the train out to schluchsee and hung out and swam all afternoon, a nice wind making the sun bearable, the place thankfully emptier than i have ever seen it. very relaxing, indeed. friday night we went to a reggae party at susi that michi had organised, where we danced and drank cocktails till 4am, ogling pretty people, being amused by all those very blonde, very european girls trying oh-so-hard to be african queens by having blonde dreads and smooching rastamen. we rode our bikes home at 4am, in a warm night, under a full moon. tammy was lovely company at the party, we laughed lots about the same things, ogled the same boys and danced: i could do with someone like her around at all times. she's smart and interesting, she likes her challenging job with autistic kids and she's relaxed and easy going and fun to have around. we got along really well. when she left yesterday, i told her that she should move here. i meant it, yes. after way too little sleep, i spend saturday alone in bühl, watching the lukchallenge time trial 2, and with it lance armstrong, george hincapie, jens voigt, thomas voeckler, bobby julich, uwe peschel, michael rich, christophe moreau, patrick sinkewitz and other elite riders. it was cool to see the race, but quite a harsh difference to last weeks tour experience. the audience was primarily german, and hence neither interactive nor enthusiastic. there was almost no serious cheering (there was no way to get an aussie-aussie-aussie-oy-oy-oy cheer going for michael rogers), there was no serious fun and i didn't stand next to anyone willing to chat. it got a bit boring and lonely at times, indeed. many spectators weren't real cycling enthusiasts, either, so i felt a little freakish, being surrounded by people who didn't even know why didi senfft was running around in that devils costume, and who knew none of the riders and kept confusing the teams. the spot that i was standing at was good though: it was right near the starting ramp, with good views of stage for the team and prize presentation, right near the starting ramp. for the actual race however, it was anything but an ideal place: located pretty much in the middle of a straight 4km part of the track, the teams raced by at more than 50kmh. yeah. that much for good middle of the race photo ops. overall, it was worth it, though. i saw lance, after all, from up close, too, while sheryl crow was sitting in an usps car happily looking on as lance and george hincapie waited for their start. that was cool, of course. not so cool was the fact that the organisation played sheryl crow songs as the lance and george were waiting for their start. very non-subtle. marcel wüst commented the entire race, close to where i was standing, so he offered a good distraction as well. so the trip to the race was good, a sunny day by another roadside seeing people excel in an exciting sport. it was so good to see jens voigt and bobby julich win: i am sure it was good for voigt to get the appreciation after the bad experience riding up l'alpe d'huez when enraged ullrich friends kept shouting "judas" at him, because he had chased ullrich down the day before to protect his teammate basso. the only downside really was the loneliness. oh, and yes, there are photos . saturday night, when i came home after the sunfilled day at the race, i was wiped out and tired, so all dirk, tammy and i did was some more hanging out, a cheapo laubfrosch pizza on the banks of the dreisam, and walking up schlossberg to sit and talk and drink red wine and look at the moon and the fireworks over seepark. i fell into bed soon after that, while dirk and tammy went on to party at grether ost (mainly because juff was there, who tammy instantly liked at the reggae party) where they hung out till 4am once more. sunday was supposed to be travel day for dirk and tammy. dirk had discussed with michi that it would be cool to roadtrip with tammy to lake constance, to neuschwanstein near füssen and then on to munich, from where she wants to head to hungary to meet family. michi wanted to head to his bavarian hometown for some three day beer-fest this week anyway, going past lake constance for a music festival where one of his friends is working. yesterday morning, it all got me quite upset. for the past days, ever since tammys arrival, really (ever since realising how lovely she is) i've been wanting to come along to the first leg of the trip. lake constance isn't that far away, and i thought it would be cool to hang out for an afternoon, go to that festival, camp and/or sleep outside and head home by train the next day. sounds good, eh? a little too good, maybe? yeah. being underslept and underfed sunday morning, i got mightily stressed out. i really wanted to roadtrip with tammy and dirk, but felt like i didn't deserve even one more day of holidays because i pretty much didn't work at all last week. i got stressed and sad (as can happy easily when i'm underfed and underslept), i got into that old familiar depressed headspace about not deserving this and cried and couldn't make up my mind. after an hour of teeth gnashing, i finally decided that i would come along and that i would feel good about it and enjoy myself. if not now, when? exactly. however, as i am obviously here in freiburg this monday, so something mustn't have worked out, right? right. the plan had been to leave midday. like 1pm or 2pm. dirk, tammy and i were all packed up and ready to go by then. so we waited. and waited. and waited. and waited some more. then it was 3pm. dirk called michi, who said it was going to be another hour. it was 3:30pm. it was 4pm. it was 4:30pm. the overall mood started to sink quite dramatically. especially mine. i called michi and he got all pissed and said he'd come when he was ready. we waited some more. i got annoyed. and then i realised that by that time, it just wasn't going to be worth it for me to come along. the drive down to lake constance takes about 3 hours. there wouldn't be any swimming that afternoon. i'd be annoyed by michi (as i have been for his lateness many a times). it wasn't going to be worth to roadtrip to lake constance just to sit in a car with tammy and dirk for three hours with a pissed off michi and to go to a concert i wasn't interested in. hell, even if we had camped out at the lake in niederrimsingen (30 minutes from here), where we've camped last year, i would have deemed anything past 5pm way too late to leave. why is it so hard to get ready to go somwhere at a time that it makes sense? michis lateness annoyed me in so many ways. it stands for so many things. i knew that if i needed a lift to the train station the next day, i surely wouldn't get it from him. and so it dawned on me that it just would not be right for me to come along after all. why roadtrip stressfully? i'd rather not roadtrip at all. it was a sad realisation, for me and dirk and i guess for tammy as well, who kept asking whether i couldn't organise to stay for two days, but i really couldn't and didn't want to. i felt a bit like a drama queen for changing my mind. but then, i was still tired, still stressed. why risk dragging all that into the week by going on a hasty roadtrip that would not include the things that i had expected from it? by 5pm, tammy, dirk and i went to the downstairs cafe to have some beers to spice up the waiting. two beers later, michi had decided it was time to go and turned up. it was 6pm by then. i said goodbye to dirk and tammy, i felt just a little sad about staying behind, walked home, bought myself dinner, watched the telly for a while and went to bed super early. so this was the roadtrip that wasn't supposed to be. and i'm alright with it, happy that i am at home today, not already sitting on a train tripping back to freiburg in this heat, worrying about everything i got to do today and this week. so that's what life has been like this past week: full and fulfilling and good. now it's time to get some things done. got so much more to write/think/say, and will, soon.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/216442.female.24.indUnk.Capricorn.xml:
85: dobre dyen. today was pretty good. woke up at six, had breakfast, then went for a walk. i decided to walk to class instead of taking the metro. it took about an hour, and it was cold (8C)...fortunately my host-family loaned me a coat. unfortunately i was wearing uncomfortable shoes. i am seriously considering buying one of those black leather coats everyone has around here. i'll blend in, and they're supposedly really cheap here. i almost might get some cheap walking shoes that are black. i arrived 45min early, so i went to the cafe i had juice in yesterday and ordered it again....8rubles. then class...it was so much fun. hard, but fun. totally in Russian, of course. today we mostly introduced ourselves to the teacher. then for lunch we went to the basement and i ordered liver with macaroni and tea...that was 15 rubles. don't order liver. it was alright, but dry. i'm not a fan. then more class....we talked about maybe going to the Banya (bath house) and all of us girls renting a room. apparently you can go there very cheaply, and get an hour massage that costs around 150 rubles. CHEAP. after that we toured St. Isaac's Cathdral. absolutnaya krasivaka tzerka. it was fantastic. designed by a 19year old architect in the early 19th c., it's gorgeous. at the iconostasis there are gigantic columns made out of very green marble and blue marble (each colomn is one color). i liked it better than the churches i saw in Rome. there were mostly mosaic icons, and they were gorgeous. they just finished some major renovations from WWII....during the Soviet times it was a museum, and they had a huge pendulum in the center. they have services there on big holidays. (like my birthday.) after that we were done for the day but we all went to a cafe called "The Idiot" (yes named after Dostoyevskii's novel, in the district where he lived...so we're not to go there at night -- apparently it hasn't changed since then, meaning, it's still a "bad" area)....i ordered Armenian coffee and stuffed-Plum-icecream. yummy. they also give a complementary shot of vodka. the prices there weren't so low. then...here i am. this net cafe is much cheaper. i'm in the area where people buy train tickets and the military members pick up their paychecks. lots of uniforms around. they all have wheel-caps....they look like a military. it would be nice if the US military looked like a military too. after this we're going to each go home, eat dinner, and meet up later on tonight. maybe we'll watch the bridges rise (they all open so the boats can move up and down the Neva). i haven't done anything at night yet, so i'm excited. we've all talked about seeing Swan Lake when we get back from Moscow...and i'm in charge of getting us all the tickets to the Sting concert for the 3rd of June. isn't that exciting....Sting in St. Petersburg! well everyone is finishing up...i'll be back in the morning...it's 50% off then. Paka!

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/216553.male.23.Student.Capricorn.xml:
16: Since my last entry, I've had some rather interesting conversations. For example, last night, my roommate got a call from some of the girls on our floor in the dorms, and they were bored and wanted to chit-chat. Ok, that's cool, but when I got there, I was totally disghusted. Some of the girls were talking about how much they wanted to get layed and so on and so forth. As soon as that nonsense came up, I just got up and left. They claimed that it was their New York attitude, however, I have to totally disagree with that. Anyhow, that was that. Today was pretty good though. My Chemistry mark was bumped up a couple of marks, and I aced my medical terminology exam :) School was somewhat alright, though, our internet access back at the dorms may be on wait. Apparently, the Internet company lost my friends' order!!! Talk about inefficiency!! I'm waiting for him to get back in the dorms to see if we can figure this out. That, however, leads to my next concern. There are quite a few leechers around here. I really don't want random people (who I don't really trust) coming into my room every so often. It will seriously annoy the heck out of me. This internet issue may, however, be remedied for subsequent semesters. I was asked to estimate the costs of setting up wireless internet in the dorms, so that all incoming students would have access when they arrive instead of waiting 2-3 weeks (or more) to simply get a DSL connection. Definition of the day: NSAID - Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug - drug that reduces inflammation but is not a steroid; examples include aspirin and ibuprofin and other inhibitors of prostaglandins, naturally produced substances that promote inflammation. Ok, that's all for now! PS: JL, I miss ya!! :(

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/216833.male.24.Student.Scorpio.xml:
250: so what it is what it isn't. I have some super sinky ass farts going on tonight. oh my. mimi and i went to a thai resteraunt in dallas called the thai rose. it was really just alright. I had the Evil Jungle Price with tofu and some thai iced coffee and mimi had the asparagus and some sprite. i enjoyed the time we had just hanging out. it was fun. we tired to go shopping for some family for christmas and saw these awesome new toys....remember the Rudolph the Red nose raindeer claymation cartoons that ALWAYS come on around christmas. THEY MADE TOYS of ALL the characters and they are off the hook. I want em all so bad. That seriously gave me chills when I saw em. It just rocks. I mean....i love those shows and I watched em every year, that is a totally good memory of fun at christmas. Man.....if you get a chance....buy me some....hehe...love john 
932: I guess I will start where I left off. That would be Thursday. I have to say, I wish I hadn't gone to work on Thursday. I might have been better off staying in bed. "My alarm clock lost power and then I got a cold..." Yeah, right. I was up at 6:30am. I had switched 'shifts' with Robert so I could head out to the lake earlier - that meant I had to be up at the office at 7:30am. No problem. I'd rather be up anyways. My morning went really well, slow, but nothing annoying or worth causing a fuss about. I had an email problem in the Alabama office that I was 'brainstorming' over. I kept it in the back of my mind, something I do alot at the office. Soon enought it was around that time to head to the gym, strap on some weight gloves and push some iron. Good times but not on this Thursday. Right off the bat, I saw the foreshadowing of something bad. As I was walking down the hall, this fat, rolled-over, dick of a man named Taylor is standing in the hall looking for his 'mail.' He has been coming to the gym for about two weeks and just really gets tooled around by his co-workers. He seems to do whatever ridiculous exercise they throw at him - what a pushover. As I walked down the hall, he looked up at me and then back at his mailbox by the mailroom. I start to walk around him and he steps right in my way, without even aying excuse me or anything. It was totally an obvious move to piss me off. I just mumbled "JACK ASS" under my breath. Another weak move by me. I shoulda just laid the guy out right there - but I let it slide right off my back like everything else. The workout was going pretty smooth, I noticed 'jackass' had made his way over to the tredmill to do a little mall walking. We had some Oldies radio on the stereo and James, Robert, and myself were working those shoulders hard. Up pops Talors buddy, Brian (this guy talks bad about his wife and says beer at least once a day in the gym.) He starts changing the radio station, while at the same time asking James if he doesn't mind. James says "Yeah, I like that station." Brain: "I can't workout to that" still changing the station "Is this alright" Brian says as he gets closer to the station of his choosing. James: "I don't give a fuck......pause.......but if I come in here tomorrow and you change the station when I asked you not to, I'm gonna have to fight your fucking ass over it. That's bullshit!" BAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The little bitch but it back on the Oldies and went back to his tredmill. All I heard was "Fuck" and "Shit." HAHA they were pissed. Now I hate going into that gym. It was embarrassing to see that totally lack of restrain on negative emotions. I understand James was pissed, and he had a right to be upset. It was just a bad vibe, especially with customers. Anyways, James was hot for the rest of the day at work. 4pm rolled around and I was out of there. I picked up mimi and we headed out to Lake Grapevine to meet up with James and do some water skiing. I had a blast. Ryan, James oldest son was with us for about 2 hours. I finally got up on the water and actually skiied. Fuck yeah, that was a relief for the Thursday from hell. I ended up forgetting about dinner and by the time I got home, I was so tired and hungry we headed over to IHOP for a gourmet meal. ha. Today was pretty chill. There were some adverse effects of James actions in the weight room. The owner of my consulting firm sent out an email to all of MIS about proper etiquette in the gym. haha. James was pissed - time to look for another job he says. I packed and stuffed and folded everything for the 7" comp. That is coming to an end. Looks like mimi didn't get that job, havn't heard anything from the folks in cali - guess we'll just have to keep looking. As for me, I havn't had one solid lead. I bought the Karate Double LP - that has to be my favorite record. Damn Palmer took my CD to Denver with him! FUCK goodnight p.s. - arcade auction - Sat morning at the Rodeo center in Mesquite - I will be there at 8am to play some free games. current mood: tired current music: Karate 
1031: Unlike most weekends around Coffman house, things were on an upswing this weekend. First off on Friday I participated in one of the biggest displays of white-trash I have ever seen. On Saturday, I went grocery shopping, suit shopping and as the hours carried on, I was shopping for a clear thought. Sunday was a day to chill and clean up. I took a break and saw a film - and now it's Monday and I am thinking back on all the silly fun shit. Let me get back to Friday night, I finished up work as fast as I could, I was supposed to meet James at 7pm and I didn't want to keep him waiting. I raced home to change my shirt and shoes(ritualistically) and pick up mimi, she went with me. All the while making record time, I pull into James drive-way just under a few minutes from 7. He had two extra tickets to the Craftsman 400 truck series at the Texas Motor Speedway. OH MY FUCKING LORD. I was floored, I was in awe when we pulled into this fucking crazy stadium of wasted energy - I was just so fucking blown away with the display of utter trashiness. Fat - fat -fat -fat everywhere. There were Turkey legs for the classic cavemen, beer by the tons for the idiots, and troglodytes for the mullet-styled fellers. There were wrecked RV's, race-car painted pickups that looked more like moving toilets and tons of really nice motorcycles. It was like a trailor park with out the houses. I would hate to be here on NASCAR day when there are some 250,00 fuckers, this was a light event comparatively. I think somewhere around 80,000 race-fans. That's is alot of - well alot of fucking idiots for sure. The race was intense, I have to say that much. The feel of the Roman empire was strong, large arena - danger and possible death!! The cheer of the crowd for their favorite local driver was obvious, the boo's when someone gets to close to their hero couldn't even scare a fly. I was definatly charges, excited, and pumped up when those trucks would barrel down the side of the track. Oh well - don't tell anyone. We left a few laps before the race ended. I just imagine how the traffic would be at the end of the race, it wasn't so bad when we left. I have to say, I will never pay for a ticket to see a race, but I'd go again for free of coarse. On Saturday MiMi and I woke up, wanting to do something but not sure what, so we decided to go buy some groceries - It was a good oppurtunity to handle that mess. MiMi went off to work around 1pm and I went to the mall to just shop. I was looking for a suit and that was an undertaking in itself. I had an idea of what I wanted - and after 4 different stores and about 14 different suit jackets I think I might have found the one I am looking for. I am supposed to pick it up on Thursday. When I got home after buying a new white dress shirt and some new grey dress slacks I started doing the laundry and cleaning up the house. That went pretty smooth - I didn't see anyone till about 10pm - I had a few beers and was feeling pretty warm and happy. Alex and Eric stopped by to play some board games, I think it was called Tribond, I had fun. I pretty much felt like an idiot, but after a while, I got into the groove of thinking - if you can believe that. Sunday, once again alone, MiMi was off working at her store from 11 - 6 so I finished up the laundry and went to the movies around 1:30. I went and saw the Sum of All Fears and it was alright. I enjoyed it - I havn't seen an action movie on the big screen in a while (except star wars - but that is different.) It was a wonderful day, partly cloudy, and just gorgous - I didn't stay outside much because of the heat but I was one of those days that makes you smile and say "Summer is here!" I had dinner on the stove when MiMi came home. Some spicy Thai stirfry with a little red curry and yummy thai rice. I dunno the name of my dishes, I just cook what I wanna eat. I also made some chocolate-covered strawberries and boy where they delicious. Watched Proof of Life again with MiMi and ironed all my outfits for the week. I am prepared - bring it on! 
1306: I don't think any of my friends get up before noon on the weekends... I guess I never stay up late enough to justify sleep that late. I went to the movies last night with John from A Faith Called Chaos. That guy is totally awesome, he reminds me of someone but I can't pin it down. We went and saw signs and it was alright. It was more about the battle with faith and the ideas of fear and hope than the aliens. The aliens were pretty freaky but I think they stole some ideas from spiderman. The poison dispenser and the shoot with the creepy fucker on the barn roof. That shoot and the footage from the brazilian birthday party were pretty creepy. The theatere was fucking packed, hot, and the side speakers weren't working. I was seriously sweating all over. Fuck, I have a headache. My mom is coming over today to help me clean up the apartment. That shouldn't take too long. I think I'm gonna go to subway and get some food. current mood: complacent current music: the radio sucks 
1702: I hate being nice to people, dealing with swine on a regular basis is eating away at my nerves. I get these urges to take their snappy attitudes by the hair and slam them into the glass cases. Maybe I will light up some fucking 80's metal as loud as it will go and start hi-kicking random people in the gut. Tomorrow I am off and I am gonna try and make it out to Mount St. Helena and hike to the top. Being outside away from people is my only solice these days. Once I reach the top I will let out a nice tribute scream to 80's metal! Listen closely...Dee Snider! This guy I work with, Matt, has invited me to his house about 4 times now and offered to go on hikes with me several times. I feel bad, because the guy is alright but he is still a fucking insecure tool obviously looking for a friend. Poor guy hates his wife and they have been married for just a month more than mimi and I. Where Not Gonna Take IT! I can't seem to find my way out of this pit of depression. I guess it is only a pitty party, so fuck it. What do I need to do? Then Fucking get it done!! It's that simple. Since my dog went to the hospital, I havn't been to the gym. I will get some excercise tomorrow on the mountain. I will take some pictures - I hope it is not hazy tomorrow becuase I want the full on view from the highest point in the Bay Area. I really had fun with mimi last night. We played abalone and I am totally hooked. She kicked my ass 2 out of 3 times, but it was still fun. current mood: pessimistic current music: Iron Madien - The Trooper 
1867: Today, mimi and I were off. We drove around. Lots of little Napa Valley towns. Went to Clear Lake. That was nice. I am glad, I had a good time. I really didn't know what to do with my self. I love not working at Zales. Some days are just alright. current mood: naughty 
2120: So this morning mimi and I attended the Bird Rescue Center Orientation. That was fun. Let me run over that event a bit. We find the place fairly easy. Pull up in the lot and it's not exactly what I thought. Right when we get in and sit is some seats we think are alright, this 'thing' turns around to ask me a question and I'm not really sure it's a dude or a chick. One of those gender bender situations. IT's PAT!!!! IT had very long hair, john lennon style glasses, large "boob' like chest that was a little on the hangy side, and a very square shaped body. Also the voice was high-pitched and there was a well groomed beard on the chin. It was very thin, more to be ambigious with i suppose. The IT asks me for a ride downtown after the class. FUCK! I so wanted to be a prick but it was really only a ride so I oblige. After that, the IT didn't bother me to much. Oh the IT's name was Mageda. W T F ! ! ! I am just an asshole I guess. I just don't want people to bother me. So I learned alot of great things and I am really excited. I found out that all of the European Starlings found today in North America-and they number in the 200 million range-are descendants of approximately 60 pair of birds introduced in New York City's Central Park in the early 1890s. A society dedicated to introducing into America all of the birds mentioned in the works of Shakespeare set these birds free. These are birds that we don't except at the center. They are not native. All native birds are protected and illegal to have in your home, under your care. But if you want a pet Starling, go for it. Even a piegon. There is no law saying you can't - at least in california. I'm sure you've seen a ton of Starlings. These birds are related to the mynah bird and are very good at talking. Even better than parrots. So if you want a bird that talks alot, grab a baby starling right about now. haha. I saw red-tailed hawks that had been hit my cars, owls, kestrels, and turkey vultures. Very interesting. Oh! I worked today, it was dull. So I'm off tomorrow, but I'm going to bed now. bye current mood: determined current music: Hot Hot Heat - Bandages 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/225398.female.16.indUnk.Pisces.xml:
25: i know what to do :D since mid-May, i've been quoting in my school diary, all the funny things that&nbsp;my friends say&nbsp;xD hahaha, and i always get a good laugh reading back on it... i'll regularly update this blog, with every entry that i put into my diary ^-^ how's that sound? okay!&nbsp;so these are all from term 2! =)&nbsp; &nbsp; wednesday 19th may (during streamwatch) "i am the shit master!" - Lisa, who is regularly rostered for 'faecal coliforms' xD &nbsp; friday 21st may (in japanese class, talking about calculus) jenny - "and then you thingy the majiggy~" &nbsp; (commenting on some&nbsp; people with&nbsp;hideous&nbsp;voices, who read during english class) lisa - "you're ruining my shrew experience!" (in math class, these are inside jokes! do not be alarmed if you don't understand it xD) phoebe - "gradient equals -1! ahaha! the best math joke of the century!" jenny - *later on* "y= -x! HAHAH! the SECOND best math joke of the century!" &nbsp; &nbsp; tuesday 25th may (during a boring economics class) phoebe - "i wish i had $2, i could do alot with $2" jenny - "like what?" phoebe - "i dunno... flip it?" &nbsp; (in business studies, consolidating my worries about camp) shirley - "you gotta think positive! the good things, like spending time with your friends~" phoebe - "yeah! you get to sleep with them!" &nbsp; thursday 3rd june (in business studies, defining words) loo - "feedback... when you feed someone's back?" &nbsp; monday 7th june (in japanese class, impersonating our&nbsp;, possibly strict, new teacher xD) lisa - *soldier voice* "alright children! we're gonna learn some new katakana! but first, drop and give me twenty!" &nbsp; wednesday 16th june (in economics class, talking about children's tv shows) loo - "remember barbar?! i remember the book off by heart! you know the rhino king? he bought a... a... what was it?" cyd - "off by heart my ass!" &nbsp; (during the same class) mr mahon - "tomorrow i'll be at an economics conference" julie - "whats an economic concert?" &nbsp; (and same class again xD) jenny - "write down 'feed your dog' " phoebe - "what?! sleep with your dog?!" &nbsp; tuesday 22nd june (in math&nbsp;class, dude #1 sleeping on the table, dude #2 is his friend) mr newton - "awwh, sleeping beauty eh?" dude #2 -&nbsp; "beauty?! YUCK!" dude #1 -&nbsp; *looking lost* o_O? &nbsp; wednesday 23rd june (over the phone, discussing loo's team-partner's unproductivity) loo - " he makes up for one-fourth of a person!" jenny - " you mean a quarter?" loo -&nbsp; "yes... that..." &nbsp; (in religion class, loo asks for food while copying down christianity questions) loo - "hey, do you have any gospels in your bag?" rest of the table - " o_O? HAHAHA!" &nbsp; thursday 24th june (outside social science staffroom) *poster on the wall reads - "make a difference. racism? no way!* phoebe -&nbsp; *covers the word 'racism' * "make a difference? no way!" &nbsp; friday 25th june (in japanese class, struggling through listening task) *tape is playing* jenny - "fudede? what the hell does that mean?" lisa - "fudede? fu's your de-de! (who's your daddy!) XD" &nbsp; monday 28th june (in math class, talking about the upcoming holidays) lisa - "i don't think i've ever looked so very forward to the holidays before" &nbsp; (during same class, the class discusses polygons) some dude - " whats a polygon with seven sides...? isn't it a heptagon? wait... it's a septagon! but that's like september, so that's nine sides... so seven sides would be... a JULY-A-GON!" &nbsp; (and the same class again xD) mr newton - "... and i trod on his dog" some dude - "was it BIG sir?" mr newton - " it was a german sheperd!" same dude - " did it EAT you sir? 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/233277.male.25.Internet.Virgo.xml:
107: AngelAt3AM: how good is your tuna radar? PetYourWolverine: lol PetYourWolverine: pretty good AngelAt3AM: so... tuna? PetYourWolverine: definitely not tuna AngelAt3AM: albacore? AngelAt3AM: same can, different fish? PetYourWolverine: probably that mutated fish that swam too close to the nuclear power plant I bought (above the knee) skirts for the first time in years, and fake tanned my legs. So far the nuclear orange afterglow isn't really that bad. Sara and I went to coffee and she went shopping with me and told me what to get and what not to get. I love her so much, she was pretty damned honest. I mean, she even told me when one was too short. And seeming as how she is only attracted to women, I didn't think she thought one could be too short, so I definitely know I can put some trust in her advice. I think we have some different taste though, I absolutely loved one top that she told me looked like vomit. Haha. I'm really glad we are hanging out again and that our little misunderstanding/hurt feelings thing has been buried. She is definitely the female that I have bonded with the most with in San Diego. I would hate to lose that. She also took great pictures of the party we had about 2 months ago, and she gave me the doubles. I think I might skip the gym today, since David and I hiked approximately 9 or 10 miles yesterday. Pretty hardcore, definitely the longest I've ever hiked or even considered hiking. I think I did alright though, I really thought I would be a huge wuss but I never really felt I couldn't handle it at any given point. I'm in much better shape than I assumed I was. I feel oddly uneasy today. I am pretty much doubting everything in my life right now, it's pretty unsettling. I think I am going to do some of the organization tasks I promised myself I would do, practice for meeting up with Jason and Chris for the musical work we are going to do tomorrow, and try to write and sort out the shitload of garbage that is running through my head. Yeah. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/237056.male.24.indUnk.Scorpio.xml:
169: let's travel back in time a couple of hours to 4pm my time.. me: "Yayyyy! My new laptop! It's here! oooooh.. shiiiny bits and matte bits... ooohh fastttt!" (proceeds to go through the usual setup procedures, "hmm.. a couple of dodgy pixels on the screen.. no biggie.") now zoom forward to 6:30pm me: "Well.. that's windows pretty much installed, I'll go make a cup of tea and then it's time to make some music! " 6:45pm me(freshly cigaretted and clutching a few CDs): "Alriiight.. let's get to it! what should I insta... okay.. what. the.. fuck?" Alright alright.. so I suck at monologues.. Basically, the computer was no longer doing anything - and showed no signs of changing it's mind. Called up overstock.com - they said I can return it (phew!) and they'll do a refund, minus a 15% restocking fee (on a dead computer?). But I want a computer, how about a replacement? "Sure, we can do replacements, what we do is send you a label, which you put on the box to ship it back to us, we process that and then we send you another.. that will take about a month..." I. Am. Utterly. Fuckin. Speechless. phobius is frantically avoiding feeling like Universe simply doesn't want him to have a computer.. |this little comment was deleted :)| *choking sounds*

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/239860.male.25.indUnk.Leo.xml:
341: 						 Yipes! Although the blogathon didn't go as expected (my ISP went down...again!), it wasn't a total loss. I've had my all-time-high in visitors cuz of the 'thon ring :) In one day (29 Jul, Sun, 2001) I got 135 unique visitors, that's more than I've ever had. Which then proves how poor my site really is :\ And I got an site rewiew from jessica at jess.pika-grrl.net Weheeee! I'm happy :) Site Owner : Jigsaw Site URL : http://dacrib.rexta.net First Impression : 18/20 Layout : 18/20 Graphics : 20/20 Content : 10/20 Last Impression : 18/20 Total Score : 84/100 Comments : I really like Jig's splash page. The only thing a little weird is when you look at it in 800 res, but other than that it's really nice. The layout is good. Staying with the times and what's popular, but putting your own bit of style into it as well. The links on the top to the rest of the site, the mouse overs... I'm not sure if the colors can be changed or not, but if they can I think they should be changed to be with the layout colors. And I don't think they need to be with every link on the site. For the graphics that are on the site, I think they're really nice. Not over powering. There's not really a lot of content, it's mainly just a journal, pictures, and links, but the journal is interesting, which is a very good thing. Overall, it's a good site for reading. The Final Words : Decent work. What It Means : First Impression : When your site first loads, so I hafta wait for 10 graphics to load or does it all just pop up on the screen. By just scrolling on the first page is it phsyically appealing to my eyes enough that it makes me want to read more things on the site. or does it make me just want to leave before I waste my time. Does it look good on both 800 and 1024 resolution? Layout : Does your layout suit your content? Meaning do you have 20 links on your first page that could be condensed down into catagories because the linked site is small in content? Or do you have a condensed link format, but your contact infomation only has your email address. Graphics : How long to they take to load? Do they look like you found them on lycos's multimedia search and just slapped them up on your site? Or did you spend time formatting them to go with your layout. Content : Is your content about you or is it about the sites you visit and just has a journal? Would I be able to IM you and tell you I'm sorry for the crappy day you had? Last Impression : Do I want to bookmark your site to come back again? Or link you? Do I feel like signing your guestbook or writing you an email to tell you how I feel about your site? And she also said something I completly agree on! "PLEASE tag the tagboard or the guestbook or SOMETHING to let me know you've been here, alright? People have gotten out of the habit of signing guestbooks and I think it's a habit that we need to get back into...." It's a good habit, and it's much needed. In case you didn't know it, we webmasters are folks dying for attension (or maybe it's just me?). Oh yeah, almost forgot. My good buddy Digiboy has jumped on the bandwagon and started his own blog. Go get some! 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/240089.male.24.indUnk.Taurus.xml:
61: alright, i've heard that the quiz is kinda difficult from some ppl (hi john) and so i'm gonna make another one that's a bit easier... haha. anyways, i'm gonna have to head off to class soon so i'll post the link to the new quiz like in two or three hours... just don't bitch about this one. but one thing i've learned about the larger women, they tend to be either extremely mean, bitter, and sarcastic, or really nice. i think it's because (1) they're jealous/envious of the skinny people and mad at the world for being overweight or (2) they figure they can't get by on their looks/sex appeal and so concoct this excellent personality that makes ppl like them. but i'd rather be fat than a left handed lesbian albino midget eskimo
106: alright, i just spent the last hour or so updating my quiz so you better check it out
133: alright, go to and see if i can call you a friend, an ass, or a cab
322: alright, i'm back in riverside and i'm just here to check out some storage places before i go to laughlin.... well, here's DAMP #13: Shiiiit, %n... that acky mo-fo be messing with my ol' lady, got to be laying a cord upside down his head... ya know what i'm saying, mans Hey homes, i can dig it... that brotha ain't be pickin' up a new man I say hey, %n... so to say what i wanna say, pretty jay, i did the same ol' same ol'... ay, knock yo'self a post, slick, the grey matta o' fact when my man down befo' i take t.c.b.in', man... ya know what they say, see that body get that booty yackin', ya lay her down and slack 'n yack 'em... cole got to be no man, shiiiiit this is from blink 182's chestire cat, and i think they got it from the movie airplane... remember, %n equals your screenname... 
654: well shit... nothing really going on over here. except that the dodgers and angels are just rolling along now aren't they? haha... now i really want to go to a game. alright, well i'm almost out of away messages to post (i've posted 44 already and will probably have about 10 left) so i'm trying to find something new to post. DAMP #45: did you know that the use of xylophones in indigenous music in subSaharan Africa strongly correlates with malaria and sickle cell anemia? Coincidence? I think not it's true... there's no coincidence. but i'll post that later, i need to eat
996: alright, so i woke up at noon yet again... good times. DAMP #23: Here's another fun fact: malt liquor always tastes better when you've got problems i really like this one and am amazed at how well it applies to life
1113: alright, so i've been unable to read vinicio's journal entries on live journal for the past two days and i'm always getting this message that live journal is overloaded... what the hell is up with that? anyways, had some bbq last nite with chris and john and then when scott came over we played two 5-game series of durrock and lemme tell you, i won both series (with the aid of my partners, scott and john)... haha i miss playing that game as much as we used to... so i suggest we get a whole lot of people together and have this massive durrock party/championship series
1167: alright, well chris kinda showed me how to play mah jong solitaire and so i basically spent all day (and by all day, i mean i started playing around noon and finished at 1am) playing it... i did get pretty damn good at though, and now i'm ranked 115th. but chris and i have been trying to figure out what hard liquor to buy for all of next week and i think we got a pretty damn good list; the only problem is that its gonna cost a nice chunk of change. oh well, all that liquor will be fun anyways
1239: i know i haven't been blogging as regularly as i normally do but i'll try to make up for it (by the way, the next week will have almost no blogs from me as i will be in LA for orientation week)... i went to riverside the other day to turn in my financial aid form and looked around for some apartments; i'm thinking about getting my own one bedroom at $437 a month (how's that for rent compared to irvine or santa barbara?). but i've noticed that when i'm looking at potential places, i'm checking to see if it has plenty of unreserved parking so that during the winter months they'll be plenty of parking for chris, dave, and john... which reminds me, i don't think i can go boarding during the week next quarter seeing as i will have 18 hours of lab a week (with tuesdays having 6 hours of lab) and i don't think i should be missing those labs. but with next week being my med school orientation, i came to a realization: i have to spend a week with the "biomeds." now as non-ucr students, you are unfamiliar with the insulting quality of this statement. people at ucr would intentionally not take a class that has a lot of biomeds in them; if there was a class series (such as bio 5A, B, and C), people would delay taking the series a quarter so that they wouldn't have to compete with them. this of course then leads to resentment of the biomeds as overstudied overachieving scum... now i may be overachieving and scum, but in no way, shape, or form am i overstudied. so i never really considered myself a "biomed" (i even had a dream about it but i'll go into that later) and now that i have to spend an entire week with them means that i'm gonna need a lot of alcohol. anyways, i saw planet of the apes last night and for the most part it was alright; don't get me wrong, i enjoyed it... but there were some things that just bugged me. like how the male talking chimps looked like chimps whereas the females ones didn't quite look right. but i blame that more on my strong physical anthropology background... DAMP #50: second place is just a fancy word for loser 
1302: alright so yesterday at the freshmen biomed orientation i sat with the freshmen and when my fellow 4th year biomeds did the whole Q&A thing, another 4th year and i asked some stupid questions... mine was, "how many classes can i miss and still get an A?" whereas the other guy asked, "is there some type of dress code? cuz you guys are all dressed like nerds" my question got a lot of laughs whereas the other guy's just got "ooh"s from the crowd... but it was a whole lotta fun. but today i got to be the guinea pig for our living anatomy lab in which the rest of my group drew on me with markers so as to discern from my bony landmarks (e.g. the sternal angle, jugular notch, xiphisternal joint) the approximate location of the lungs and its pleura. the only problem was that they had a little trouble figuring out exactly where my lungs were...
1455: well i have a final one week from today in gross anatomy and this time around i'm actually going to start studying for it really early... as in today. but i figure this way i can take my time and really learn the material, and not just cram it in as fast as possible the night before. but because the stench of our cadaver drove off two of the people in my group, this one guy and i have been working on the body for the past two weeks all by ourselves... which is a good thing because i get to see everything and see how every structure is related the rest of the overall anatomy, but the table we work on is just at the most awkward height and it gives me lower back pain. so right now, my back is really hurting and carrying all my books and notebooks to school and back didn't help one iota. plus this weekend i had a major cramp in my left calf muscle, and i'm still feeling the effects. so basically i got a bum leg and a bum back. but one more thing before i go fix me some food and get to studying, i found out that the ucr/ucla biomed program always gets higher scores on the boards than ucla med. for those who don't know what "boards" means, here's the low down. in order to receive your medical degree (i.e. M.D., although M.D. doesn't stand for medical degree) you have to pass the two united states licensing medical exams (USLMEs), commonly referred to as the board exams. well, ucla med uses the pass/fail system, in which a C is considered passing and anything below a C- is failing. being a part of the ucla med school, the ucr/ucla biomed program also uses the P/F system for the two years that you attend. however, since in the biomed program your first year of med school is the same as your final undergraduate year, you also receive a letter grade that is used towards your bachelor's degree. not wanting to have all the biomed students finish their first year with straight Cs, the dean made it where you can only get one C a quarter... two or more and you have to repeat the entire year. so this in effect makes it so that the only way to finish the year is with straight Bs, and this little difference is why ucr/ucla routinely beats ucla on the boards. plus the small population size of ucr/ucla (24) as compared to ucla (120) increases the likelihood that as a group we would do better than ucla... so go ucr. haha... alright, i'm gonna study now; or at least try to study
1518: apparently i haven't been sleeping all that soundly because i had another crazy ass dream. this one was about my family and i being at a slide park (essentially a water slide park, but without the water) and for some strange reason we were with curt schilling (the arizona diamondback's pitcher). well, the whole group divided up into pairs and we all went onto different sections of the park. it just so happens i paired up with curt schilling, and he wanted to go down this slide that looked like another slide crossed just in front of the end of this slide, and the only way to avoid hitting this other slide was to stop early. well anyways, i go down this slide and after recognizing this design problem, stopped quickly at the end and climbed around it. so i then go wait in this bar (that happens to be right by the end of the slide i just went on) and i watch curt schilling slide down. well i guess he didn't see the design flaw of the slides and smacks right into the other slide... he then goes flying into the air a la "meet joe black" and gets seriously hurt. then this hot blond chick next to me at the bar starts screaming and i go help curt get up and make sure he's alright. then once he's up, i'm checking him for broken bones when i hear this beeping sound. i'm thinking it's someone cell phone but then i realize it's my alarm clock, so i wake up...
1572: alright, so i probably should have been studying since i got back to my apartment (which was around 6pm), but instead i watched arizona make it into the NLCS and then i started to play mah jong solitaire... well, i just got my best score ever of 216,345 (i died on round 21), which makes me ranked 4th for the day and 100th for the month. i'm pretty damn proud... but apparently there's going to be a lil drinking party at my place this weekend so the guys can check my place out and so we can also play worms completely hammered. so chris, don't forget to bring your psx and worms and i'll buy some beer and some snacks on friday. john, try to get some more hard stuff and some mixers and try to get dave to come along too. and if dave comes, get him to bring some hard stuff too. directions to my place (it's basically the same as for my last place): 91e to 215s/60e (towards Indio), exit spruce at the stop sign, make a left and keep on spruce until you hit Iowa (the 2nd light) make a right on Iowa, but then make a right at the next light (Massachusetts) make a right at the first driveway you see and now you should be in my complex go over one speedbump, and make a right the first apartment on the right is mine (1311, #205) i'll have my orange cones on my balcony and my windows open with the music blasting you can park in any uncovered spot, but if you can't find any just pull up in front of my staircase (it's the one with the fake spiderweb on it) and i'll find you a place to park if you get lost, call (909)275-0378 i'll post these directions at the end of the week and one more thing, are we doing this friday night or saturday night? 
1680: i know i've gone on and on for the past year or so about becoming a forensic pathologist, i even talked briefly about getting a masters in forensic science, but i've started to have a change of heart (more like i'm changing my mind as opposed to that god-awful show, "change of heart"... ok so my "jokes" are getting corny, which means i need to fraternize with some new people while i'm at school)... i've been thinking how great it'd be to be a trauma surgeon or a cardiologist (with the latter harking back to my high school freshman days), something where i'd specialize in a field but still get to see a lot of patients. oh well, i'm still in riverside and i'm trying to work on a cardiovascular physiology study guide but to no avail... i don't know if i'm going boarding tomorrow since i haven't talked to chris about it in a while, although i still would like to go even if chris doesn't... alright, back to cardiac output, stroke volume, systemic vascular resistance, and P-V loops
1707: alright so you know that a tv show or movie or singer or whatever is popular when it influences society in a variety of ways... for instance, for a number of years the tv show friends affected society by the throngs of women who decided to get "the rachel," a hairstyle similar to what jennifer aniston had a couple of years ago. well, i guess friends' influence is seen in areas not previously considered. like this kid who was on the news whose first name is chandler... and guess what, he's only 5, meaning that his parents (most likely it was his mom's decision) named him that after the show... i think that's pretty pathetic
1788: alright well the midterm was difficult but it definitely could have been a lot harder than it was, so i guess i'm happy about that. but today in anatomy lab i removed some more of the skull so i could remove the brain and once i took the brain out, i busted out a hacksaw and cut off some of the forehead so i could get to the orbit (i.e. where the eye is). then i took out a chisel and a hammer and removed the roof of the orbit and then spent the next hour and a half removing fat from in there so i could see the vessels, nerves, and muscles. and i know what you're thinking.. "that's fucking disgusting" and "is there supposed to be fat in your orbit?" well, my answers are yep and yep. but i still have some more remnants of fat left and on monday i'm going to try to sort through all that's in there so i can hopefully learn all the stuff. but other than that my day has been pretty boring...
1887: ok so maybe i was a bit excited about the dbacks winning the world series considering that as loyal dodger fan i must therefore hate the dbacks (seeing as they're both in the NL West division and pretty fierce rivals... although not as fierce as the dodger-giant rivalry), but the yankees have been a longer nemesis of the dodgers and i just love to watch the yankees lose... plus it's nice to see all those guys on the dbacks who've played over a decade and never made it to the world series finally win a ring... alright, i'm about ready to head off to school for my anatomy final and i'm feeling pretty good; definitely a lot better than last time for my anatomy midterm. but i just know the professor is going to write a question or tag a structure on the cadaver that i'll have fucking clue what it'd be... those bastards!!! haha
1977: alright so i used the translate button on my browser to see if prospero ano y felicidad would mean anything different seeing as i didn't use the tilda (~) over the n, and it gave me, "Prospero anus and happiness." haha... now i'm watching a rerun of Cops and a guy tried to kill himself by shooting himself in head with a .38 caliber handgun, but he didn't die and was able to call 911. the weirdest thing though was that he tried to stop the bleeding from his head by putting the telephone cord in there... and i guess the bullet's path was from behind his ear out thru his mouth, so he ended up taking out some of his teeth too
2094: alright, well i'll catch you all up to speed on my life since the last time i blogged: on thursday after class i went snowboarding up at mt. high. it was fun since it was the first time since tahoe that chris, dave, and i went boarding together. we only got to go for like 2 hours since the guys didn't leave cypress til 5. but when we got up there it was cold enough for them to be blowing snow all over the mountain, so we all layered up and damn it if it still wasn't really cold. dave was kinda disappointed that he would have to buy a $35 ticket for 2 hours, so instead he bought one off of a guy in the parking lot for 6 bucks. and as we were walking through the parking lot, we noticed that the junkyard wars van was there... when i saw that i was thinking that maybe they had the teams make their own snowmobiles to go up the slope, but instead i settled with the idea that the guy who drives the van just wanted to get some boarding in. anyways, mt. high was more crowded than i expected, but we basically walked onto the lift each time. oh yeah, we determined that it took us 8 minutes from the time we got on the lift to the time that we ended right back at the lift line... so yea, we basically got in a whole mess of runs in the short span of time that we were there. but dave's lower back started hurting him (he first hurt it in that car accident we were in that involved us being hit so hard by an accord that it pushed us into another accord, all in front of honda world in garden grove) and so we decided to take off. we stopped off at the del taco by the 15, where we bumped into jon berwanger... he recognized us first and came over and started talking to us... i recognized him immediately, but chris and dave i guess took a few minutes before they remembered who he was. on friday i went to class after a restful night of sleep (i'm thinking i should snowboard after class from now on just so i can sleep so well), but i didn't stay in lab for too long and instead went over to the honors office for some free donuts and orange juice. i chilled there for the next hour with matt and heidi, managing to spill OJ on the floor and making an idiot out of myself. but then i went back to the classroom and got my preceptor assignment (he's basically a physician that critiques my interviewing skills)... the day was pretty uneventful after that, although i started coughing like a mofo again on saturday dave called me up and we went out to lunch at cheng's kitchen (it's over by the volunteer fire dept. on lincoln and walker)... i had mongolian beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers), dave had ginger beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers). we then went back to my house and i showed him simpsons road rage... he was quite impressed by the level of detail in the game. but after that my cough got worse and i spent the rest of the day pretty much just lying around. dave called me up after he got off of work and wanted me to go down to irvine, but i really wasn't feeling it... sunday was a bit different in that i finally went back to church after a month's absence (which is not much of an absence compared to some readers of this blog...), and then after playing a whole mess of darts i went over to chris'. we then went out to the casa gamino in westminster (i still prefer the one in anaheim because at the anaheim location you get a salad with your fajitas) and met up with ellen and randi at starbucks. we all then went back to my house and played scrabble, rich man poor man, and king's cup, during which ellen got drunk. chris and i really didn't drink enough to make us drunk, although i think he was a bit buzzed (i, on the otherhand, was not feeling much different than normal... damn that tolerance). we then walked up to cawthon elementary and played a rousing game of truth-or-dare... monday, i did shit. i was hoping to get back to my apartment early in the day (~noon) but i got there about 3, and i didn't start studying for my immuno quiz (which i had today) until 10. but i did nap from 6:15 until 7:45... so basically i fell asleep with one episode of the simpsons on and woke up with another episode of the simpsons on... today: immuno, immuno, immuno.... although i did spend 10 minutes studying for the "pop" physio quiz... i say "pop" instead of pop because we've had these unscheduled quizzes every class so far. then i spent my lunch studying immuno, and it turns out i still wasn't completely prepared for the quiz... but i just finished doing my topic on alcoholism screening for my doctoring class, and i've been able to determine that i'm at risk for alcoholism (due to my family history and tolerance)... now i'm listening to loveline but i'm just about ready to go to bed...
2157: alright so that penguin game is addictive... and this will definitely not help my hopes of studying this weekend. but my high score (on my first try, by the way) is 181,058... haha
2184: alright so after my last spiel about not getting any studying done, i just found this joke that i just had to blog... A woman pregnant with triplets is walking down the street when a masked robber runs out the bank and shoots her three times in the stomach. Luckily the babies are OK. The surgeon decides to leave the bullets in because it's too risky to operate. All is fine for 16 years, and then one daughter walks into the room in tears. "What's wrong" asks the mother. "I was taking a pee and this bullet came out," replies the daughter. The mother tells her it's okay and explains what happened 16 years ago. About a week later the second daughter walks in to the room in tears. "Mom, I was taking a pee and this bullet came out". Again the mother tells her not to worry and explains what happened 16 years ago. A week later the boy walks into the room in tears. "It's okay" says the mom, "I know what happened, you were taking a pee and a bullet came out." "No," says the boy, "I was jerking off and I shot the dog." which makes me wonder why he was jerking off with the dog in the same room...
2220: ok so i haven't blogged anything new in 10 days and even those blogs were done half-assed, so here goes: once finals were over, i expected to get two things done over break... studying for gross anatomy and some snowboarding. i didn't get much of either. but on the 18th the boyz and i had a kick ass barbeque over at dave's place, at which we opened all of the presents we got for each other. chris got some new gloves, john got a radar detector, dave an electronic dartboard, and i got the coupe de grace, a 1.75L bottle of grey goose vodka... the very vodka that we have striven to get ever since we determined that (1) popov is shit, (2) vodka in plastic bottles is slightly better (under these vodkas we group smirnoff and not "albertson's select"... those grocery store-brand vodkas belong in (1)), (3) absolut and (4) skyy are progressively higher steps towards good tasting vodka. then we also determined that although not a great vodka, fris vodka has a nice bottle thus making it look like a higher quality liquor. but when i uncorked my bottle of grey goose, i then knew that i could never step down to "rubbing alcohol land." it was the smoothest vodka, for that matter hard liquor (at least that i can recollect at this moment), that i have ever had and i know i could get into a lot of trouble with this bottle of vodka. anyways, we then barbequed up some steaks, potatoes, and corn and it was some good food. we then proceeded to play worms until 1am, even taking the time out to teach dave's brother chris how to play once john left to go program. i had planned on going boarding with dave the following day, but he had to back out since he had an eye doctor appointment or something. so then i waited til thursday when chris, patricia, and i went up to mt. high. i was hoping that we'd leave from my apartment so we could get a good night's sleep and not have to drive for like 2 hours straight, but chris said he doubted if patricia's parents would let her spend the night at my place... which also really sucked since all my gear was at my apartment. so we basically detoured over to riverside so i could grab my shit and then we headed off to the mountain. it was an alright day of riding seeing as i was tired, it was cloudy, i was trying to get used to my new board, and the only lenses i have are tinted grey and not the amber i need. so basically every little fluctuation in the snow cover looked flat to me... bad times. anyways, it was a bit crowded and seeing as we have season passes we decided to cut it short. but not before this little adage that darryl once told me came true: "Don't ever go snowboarding with your girlfriend. It never ends well." that's because the guy is almost invariably a better boarder than his girl and he ends up hanging out with her for a couple runs while she tries to slowly plow down the hill. he gets pissed because he's not boarding like he wants (i.e. racing his friends down or going off jumps), his girl gets pissed because he's getting pissed with how poorly she boards, and his friends are pissed since he's not there with them... ok, so it wasn't that bad but i could tell chris wasn't having the best time of his life (although he'd probably say it was a lot of fun just to cover his own ass). after that, no talk of boarding came up again. i mostly sat around my house sleeping in til 11am and then watching tv all day. that went on til christmas eve, when my dad's side of the family came over. we opened the presents they brought for us and it ended up somewhat alright. i got a cutlery set from my grandma (which is good because before i only had 2 steak knives) and a funky brown and green sweater from my aunt and uncle... i was not pleased with this present. my uncle told me later that he had tried to change my aunt's mind about getting me a sweater but to no avail. but they also bought my dad his own brewing kit, so in a couple months we should have our own beer. i then went back to my routine of watching tv until i fell asleep. but when i awoke, it was christmas. christmas was a hell of a lot better than christmas eve. i got a collection of dvds (the whole nine yards, dumb and dumber, monty python and the holy grail: special edition, the simpson's first season, toy story/bug's life/toy story 2 pack, groundhog's day, and office space), some pairs of pants, a new sports watch, and a vodka infusion jar, which deserves a blog all to itself. with this you basically soak fruit in vodka for a week or two, then toss out the fruit. but i'm going to use it to make some flavored rums and tequilas as well. my brother josh got ps2 along with simpsons road rage (just like crazy taxi but with the simpsons), and we basically played that for the next week. but on chrismas night, i further celebrated the birth of our lord by making my first vodka infusion: citrus. since the infusion jar came with a 1.75L bottle of smirnoff, i figured i'd better use that one since if i screwed it up i didn't want to ruin some good vodka. i put in three pounds of oranges, a half pound of lemons, and a lime in the jar, then i covered it in two cups of sugar to set the fruit (the sugar basically acts to extract the natural juices of the fruit) and let that sit for two hours. i then covered the fruit with half the bottle of smirnoff and let it sit in my garage, taking it out every day to mix it up. on the 26th i drove out to riverside with my brother's ps2 (and my brother), and basically just checked out my apartment to make sure i still had all my possessions. we basically played ps2 all night but i did have to stop off at school to pick up my skull which i made josh carry (we was visibly disturbed by that). a couple of days later (i'd like to say saturday but i've been getting the days of the week messed up), patricia let chris out of her grip long enough for him to go out to starbucks with scott, daniel, valerie, her boyfriend nick, and i. by the way, while i starbucks i thought i saw these two blond chicks who i thought i looked familiar but after i got done ordering they were gone... it turns out it was jamie and amberlee (some friends of jessica swenson and my sister michelle). but i didn't recognize them because, well, jamie got fatter and apparently all that fat went to her face. amberlee i haven't spent that much time with her so i didn't recognize her at all, but they were also with my sister's good friend heidi, but i didn't see her at all. had i seen heidi i would've stopped ordering my mocha frap and talked to them (plus i didn't realize that they were going to leave right as i was ordering), but i guess they recognized me too but didn't say anything because scott and daniel were blocking their view of me... oh well. it was great getting to hang out with scott again even if he gets noticably uncomfortable when we talk about sex or alcohol or any non-mormon thing, and i always have a blast with daniel. but valerie and nick were another situation. i got the feeling that they were trying to avoid talking to me, and i felt very awkward. like when we basically went around the room talking about what was going on in our lives, valerie (who started the topic) changed the topic when it would have been my turn. plus i felt that nick was talking past me and never too me... it's kind of hard to describe but i could definitely tell val and nick didn't care for me. then when we played scrabble at chris' later, the rift between us got a bit coarser as i was called the "scrabble nazi"... just because i didn't want them to look up words in the dictionary and i didn't want them to switch letters between players... sorry if i just fucking want to play by the rules... so yea, i left chris' house cussing at them under my breath. but i must apologize to chris: i didn't purposefully try to screw you over in any way with scoring, although i doubt i had much impact on scoring anyways. so next thing you know it's coming up to new year's and i have absolutely no plans. all i know is that dave wants to go somewhere, john and i were hoping to minimize expenses, and chris only had an hour of free time for us. so we basically end up at chris' playing scrabble but this time i arrived after the game had started (although i did get there before everyone else at 8:30... the time when i was told to be there, but i figured if i was going to wait for them i'd rather wait at my own home), and it was chris/patricia vs. vinicio vs. john vs. dave. i basically went from team to team trying to help out and it was fun. dave, john, and i then rolled down to irvine so patricia and chris could spend new year's with each other (and vinicio too), and then we went to some party in south coast that was ok. the girl scene was noticably absent so we just ended talking to each other about more stuff going on in our lives and other whatnots... so now i'm in riverside, with a gross anatomy midterm on monday and i haven't studied a lick of anatomy and i only went boarding once. i was also supposed to go boarding tomorrow but i seriously doubt that's going to happen... shit
2499: alright, well i finished one final... now only 3 more to go. well, actually 2 finals to go (i don't consider doctoring to be a real final). anyways, the final was easier than i expected and i felt like i studied too much. but had i not studied that much, it would have been incredibly difficult. i'm going to start studying for physio later this evening even though it's not til wednesday. but considering the final will cover two quarters' worth of information, i better do well on this one. 
2517: well, i'm taking a quick break from the wonderful world of immunology to make some coffee and see what's going on in the rest of the world... first off, there were 32 earthquakes of 3.0 or larger at mammoth mtn. the other day, so i'm thinking i should go up for a few more runs before it's covered in lava. i'd also like to mention that yesterday i was playing my sister's boyfriend, kyle, in a friendly game of darts, he needed 140 points to go out and i needed 125. so i step up to the line and jokingly say, "all i need is three darts." well, my first throw was a single bull's eye worth 25 points. kyle was a bit irritated by that, and with my second dart i hit a double bull's eye... and with my third dart i get another double bull's eye. i screamed, "holy crap!!" kyle was noticeably upset and flabbergasted, i was ecstatic, and my dad and brother were like, "that's ben for you..." haha. alright, coffee's done. back to studying... man, life sucks
2877: alright so on friday i went to the doctor's and it turns out i have subacute bronchitis. well, the most irritating part of this condition is all the coughing i'm doing, so i was prescribed three meds to help combat this. one is an inhaler for bedtime (that sometimes makes my hands tremble), a pill i have to take once every 12 hours (which makes me drowsy), and another set of pills that i have to take 6 of the first day, 5 the second, and so on until i'm done (these make me flushed)... so over the weekend i had thought i had got used to them, until class started this morning. that's when i realized that i'm not quite feeling the same as i usually do... so only after 3 more weeks on this stuff (other than the medrol pack which i'll be through with in 3 days), i should be feeling better... oh this is gonna suck ass
2940: well the blog that was going to cover the 9 days between my birthday and my last blog will now be expanded to 18 days... so here goes: -my birthday (the 11th) was alright, and i'm ok with that... afterall, it's not like 22 is a major milestone. i was kinda disappointed in my gifts, although i was really happy i got some new clothes. my grandma bought me a george forman grill along with some meat, but i was more happy that i got the meat than the grill (by the way, the grill is a pain in the ass to clean). after i had dinner with my family, i hung out with the boys, so good times. -on monday (May 13) my group for PBL (i.e. problem based learning... that's where we get a clinical case, try to figure out what's going on, and then report on stuff we don't know the following week) presented a case on diabetes, and since the previous group's presentation was very boring, we tried to liven it up by playing a gameshow... it turned out really well and everyone was paying attention -on tuesday (May 14) i had a pathology "midterm" that was only 30 multiple choice questions that took about 6 minutes to finish. afterwards, matt, alfredo, his sister, heidi, and i drove out to dodger stadium and watched them get beat 2-0 by the mets... interesting how that day was the 4th anniversary of the trade that sent mike piazza to florida (who then traded him to the mets), yet piazza chose not to play that day. i was ok with the dodger's loss (lord knows i've seen enough of them), but what really irritated me was the chick behind me (who must have been from freakin' jersey) who wouldn't SHUT THE FUCK UP... i finally had enough of it when she started saying that the mets were an overall better team because they last won the world series in '86 and she assumed the dodgers hadn't won in an even longer time. that's when i turned around and said that no, the dodgers last won in '88... what i failed to mention is that the dodgers beat the mets in the NLCS that year to advance to the world series. -the rest of the week was uneventful until the weekend when my mom bought a fruit press and sieve, so sunday (May 19) i got to filter the berry vodka (which smells like a fruit roll-up) and the coconut-pineapple rum. but we also had a small bbq for my sister's bday, and i watched my sister's boyfriend drink too much and then pull a ben in the bathroom. the only difference is that he didn't get it all in the toilet whereas i have only not hit the toilet once and that was only because i was in a car... -the next monday (May 20), it was a classmate's bday but heidi and i had to leave early so we could go work on our presentation for micro. i did like two hours of research for it, and we ended up working on the powerpoint for another 2 hours... yet there was still stuff we could've mentioned -on tuesday (May 21), heidi and i are all ready to present on Yersinia pestis (the bacterium that causes the plague) and when i look at the lecture notes for that day, i notice that the professor goes into the most detail on Y. pestis ... in fact, he covers a lot of stuff that we were going to go over. but when we actually did the presentation, we tried to focus more on stuff that he glazed over so it ended up pretty well... in fact, cedric came up to me afterwards and said, "i was thinking that there'd be nothing left for you guys to go over, but you did it..." -wednesday (May 22) dragged on forever, but only because i was waiting for... -thursday (May 23). my sister's bday... and my dentist appointment. it was the first cleaning i had in four years (because of lack of dental insurance and NOT due to poor dental hygiene), but the hygienist said i had very little plaque... of course that didn't prevent her from mercilessly attacking my gums. later that day i hung out with chris, and then dave, chris, scott, and i drove down to BJ's brewery and ate some food and drank some beer (scott had root beer of course... crazy mormon). john met up with us after dessert, and we then went over to dave's and played some durrock... -friday (May 24)... i had ditched class that day because i had thought that we'd be leaving for vegas early enough that i couldn't possibly make it back from riverside in time... turns out i could have gone to class, but seeing as i had gone all year without ditching i think i deserved it. anyway, that morning i filtered the lemon vodka, then i packed for vegas.... then i waited for a couple of hours. when we finally left, traffic was ok until we hit the 57 in which a saturn had thought it could pass underneath a semi, but to our delight it failed. (we took the 91 to the 57 to the 60 because my uncle thought it'd be faster than the 91 to the 15, even though the 15 and 91 were perfectly fine and moving rather well... it wasn't the first time that weekend he was a fucking moron). however, once we finally made it to the 15 (2 excruciating hours later) we noticed that the 15 was also backing up near the 10... it stayed that way until we passed the truck scales out near the exit for mountain high. after that, traffic was going nicely until we got about 30 miles past Baker (claim to fame: world's largest thermometer) when we noticed a column of thick black smoke about 3 miles ahead... ended up being a car fire. we got about a 2.5 miles before traffic came to a complete standstill and people started getting out of their cars... oh well. we finally get to vegas around 8, and it didn't take us long to get something alcoholic to drink. that's when we started to gamble... the funniest part of that evening was when i watched my mom's friend pump about $15 into a wheel of fortune game, get frustrated, and move over a machine. i promptly sat down, inserted a dollar, bet the max, and quickly won $25. yay me. at the very same moment, her husband won $25 on a machine that was to the right of her... haha. -on saturday (May 25), i woke up early because i couldn't sleep all that well and my dad (who normally gets up at 3:30am for work) couldn't either and was talking very loudly to my uncle who had stayed in the casino all night and was just returning at 8. so everyone then gets up and we head over to the rio (we stayed at the tropicana) for breakfast buffet... and i was all about the bacon and eggs until i saw the sushi... now you're thinking, "sushi at a breakfast buffet?" keep in mind that people stay up all night gambling, so they just might not be in the mood for breakfast but dinner instead. so later michelle, kyle (her bf), and i went down to the pool where we had a 44oz. long island ice tea for $12. best $12 i've ever spent. that night we went back to the rio for the seafood buffet which was rather good, and after stuffing myself with a plate of lobster, we went back to the tropicana. we were only there to change clothes before heading out to walk the strip, where i saw james (chris' friend, formerly of best buy). we then went back to the tropicana and my dad, kyle, and i played blackjack... i lost $20 but i helped my dad win $80. alright, i'm going to go eat now... i think this blog is long enough
2985: week 6 of this fantabulous quarter, and i had my first midterm today in neuro... i dunno how i did, but when i was studying the material i felt like after i had read through everything, i hadn't learned a damn thing. my next midterm is on thursday, and i have a lot to read. but today in pbl we had a great time, and when we present our case next week we're going to do it in a game-show format. so hopefully it'll work out alright...
4974: i took a final for behavioral sciences today... i think i did alright. but i found out that one of my classmates failed the final on physical exams... i'm surprised anyone failed it because we've been doing physical exams since the first week of september and we're supposed to be exposed to this crap since january of last year while we preceptor (i.e. follow a doctor around)... and it's not like it's hard to do or anything, sure they make you do crap no doctor does but just go over it before the test and make sure that you get a routine down. so although i was surprised someone failed it, once i found out someone had failed, i was able to guess who it was... then again, anytime anything goes wrong or someone does poorly, i assume it's him...
6610: i was going to ramble on about how i've come to the conclusion that i'm almost a full-on grown-up, but that was boring me. so instead, i'll tell you about orthopedics. i had my first day on service yesterday at the VA in West LA, and it was an alright experience. it was all clinic, and clinic sucks. not because i hate patients or anything, it's just that they constantly overbook surgery clinics. we had 33 people scheduled for the afternoon spine clinic and there were only 3 no shows... that means we had to see 30 patients in 4 hours. plus we had the standard complaints of, "i'm in pain... i need oxycontin!!" and when a patient demands a narcotic, doctors don't respond as empathetic as usual. so yea, that patient was a moron... ok, so maybe i do hate patients
6880: alright so the written portion of the exam is finished... not too bad. we have two texts for surgery: one for general surgery and one for all the subspecialties (orthopedics, urology, plastics, neuro), and they both have questions at the end of each chapter. we were told all along all you have to do is do the questions, and you'll do fine on the test. and it's true... a good 50% of the questions were straight out of the book. now all i have to do is wait for the oral exam to start... but from what i hear it's not nearly as bad as we all think it might be. it's still stressful and anxiety-inducing, but it shouldn't be nearly as frightening. my plan for the oral exam is to check out who are giving me my oral exams (they post that later on today), and then use my study-guide to do some last minute cramming
6943: i'm not a hairy man by any means... i didn't have to start shaving regularly until a couple of years ago, and even then it was once a week. within the past year and a half or so, i've upped it to twice a week, but that's more of the optimist in me than the amount of facial hair i have. but seeing patients and having to look professional makes me maintain this twice a week mantra of shaving. it's not like anyone can tell when i need a shave (unless they touch my face)... my facial hair is golden or orangish with the occasional darker hair thrown in; so it's practically invisible. that being said, the longest i've ever gone with shaving (since i started to shave) is about three weeks. my roommate pete said i started to look a little scraggily, but i felt more like a hamster with mange than anything... it's also hard to believe him considering he's egyptian. he accidently shaved his goatee uneven one day so he sheared it all off... within a week it was back like normal (don't forget those pictures of saddam... he grew a full beard in 8 months!!). anyhow, being on anesthesia last week, i didn't give a shit how i looked and i figured with just this week between me and a glorious 2 weeks of vacation, i won't shave again until i start my next rotation in january. however, knowing the facial hair on my cheeks is in an irregular pattern, i figured i'll try just growing that patch of hair on my chin. it looks alright up close, but you can really see how sparse my facial hair is. and it's not like anyone can tell from afar... it kinda looks like my chin is a bit dusty. so i'll be test-driving this lone patch of hair on my face for the next couple weeks, but it itches like hell and makes me feel like a dumbass so i don't know how long before i shave it off. not like anyone will notice either way...
7141: also failed to mention that yesterday we got a consult from the ER because a woman was complaining about hematuria (i.e. bloody urine). so we got a CT of her abdomen and pelvis, and lo' and behold there was a bright foreign object in her bladder... so we did the next step: got a plain X-ray of her pelvis. well, there was something there alright. apparently, she had a seam ripper up inside her... but capped, of course. her story was that she was really drunk at a bar the night before, got picked up by a strange man, and right before they were about to have sex, he may or may not have put something inside her. now as she's saying this, her husband is sitting right next to her!!! but when my chief resident scoped her bladder and removed it, you could see the development of bladder stones on it... so it had actually had been up there for over month, and most likely she put it up there herself. some crazy people in this world...
7249: HAPPY BIRTHDAY PETE!!! so yea, my roommate's bday is today and to celebrate we went down to lucky strike bowling alley at the block last night. it's a pretty trendy place (i.e. expensive) but it has a great atmosphere... it's a bowling alley/sports bar/pool hall/restaurant. oh, and there's big screen tvs in front of all the lanes, so you watch tv while you bowl. but i had a few too many to drink, bowled my way into 2nd place of 12 (i got a fantastic 125), and got a chick's number... to continue the celebration, pete, his gf's brother, and i went up to summit since he gets in free for his bday. the conditions were alright and it wasn't too crowded, but it started to snow around 3 so that's when we took off. all and all, a good couple of days...
7789: tell me all you know about herbal medicines and natural supplements. now tell me the science behind those supplements. that's what i thought. a lot of people have heard of numerous different types of herbal meds and supplements, but no one is really sure how they work or even if they work. sure, we always hear about the stories about how one of your coworkers takes garlic pills every morning and they haven't gotten sick in a number of years or some crap like that, but have you ever heard anything more than anecdotal evidence? well, i'm here to give you the lowdown on what i've learned so far. in 1994 congress passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA), which categorized certain products as "dietary supplements" that prior to 1994 were considered as foods. These products include herbal medicines, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and enzymes that weren't labelled as drugs (i.e. didn't under FDA approval), but were obviously not foodstuffs. well, the DSHEA limited what these dietary supplements could put on their labels. the labels cannot mention diagnosis, treatment, cure, or disease on the label, but could put up "structure and function" claims. for example, echinacea is for people with upper respiratory tract infections (e.g. bronchitis). however, with DSHEA you're not allowed to say terms such as upper respiratory tract infection or bronchitis. but you can say echinacea "supports the immune system" or "maintains immune function." likewise, st. john's wort is for depression, but depression is a medical illness. so the label now says it "promotes healthy moods" or "reduces the blues." this obviously can become very confusing for consumers and health care professionals because how are we supposed to know what "supports the immune system" means? another issue with dietary supplements is that there is no premarket efficacy or safety studies required by the FDA. they only check the label claims so that they fit under the "structure and function" guidelines. this also shifts the burden of proof to the FDA. the companies are saying that these products are safe until the FDA steps in and says otherwise (e.g. ephedra). one last complaint is that there are no regulatory assurances of quality control. there's no guarantee that the product contains what's on the label, there's no uniform standardization of products, and there's been reports of contamination of certain products with toxic herbs, other drug products, pesticides, and heavy metals (e.g. lead). hua fo tablets were labelled as "enhancing sexual function"... they did alright; they contained viagra. this is commonly the case with asian dietary supplements. european dietary supplements tend to be more uniform due to regulations by the EU, and they've actually done some somewhat good research on their products. one study showed that glucosamine worked just as effectively as NSAIDs (ibuprofen, piroxicam, diclofenac) in the treatment of osteoarthritis, but glucosamine took 2-3 months to be effective whereas NSAIDs took 3-4 weeks. for those of you out there with urinary retention due to an enlarged prostate, extract of saw palmetto (it's a dwarf palm tree) has been as effective as finasteride or alpha-blockers... the standard meds for benign prostatic hyperplasia. however, that's about the extent of the success stories. echinacea has been resoundingly shown to have absolutely no effect on the duration of an illness (the latest study came out in december in the Journal of the American Medical Association... the fact that it was in that journal signifies it was an excellent study). so while the FDA doesn't test quality assurances of dietary supplements, some companies do. these are independent companies that take product off the shelves and test them, and then give their seal of approval to those that live up to their word. so if you're going to waste your money on herbal medicines or other dietary supplements, buy one that has the Consumer Lab, USP, or NSF logo on it. for further free medical info, call me at my new toll-free number!!! 1-800-DOCTORB. The B is for Bargain!!!
8329: i think i've recovered adequately enough to give a quick rundown of the cruise: Day 1 (Sunday 3/28) After waiting in a god-awful line to check into the boat, we slowly ambled through the embarkation dome and made our way onto the boat. we found our closet of a room in the bowels of the ship and quickly got the hell out of there so we could check out everything the ship had to offer. this expedition was cut short as we had to undergo a lifeboat rehearsal. so we went back to our room, picked up our lifevests, and then stood on the deck of the boat in front of our lifeboat... i guess it's a good idea to practice, except that none of us had any clue where the hell we were. after all that excitement died down, we all donned our boardshorts (i was also wearing my new "Trust Me, I'm A Doctor" t-shirt) and tried to get up to the pool; no luck though as they were all empty. so we basically explored the Lido Deck for a good amount of time, checking out the long beach harbor, watching the sun set, and just hoping that when we got down to our room we had our luggage. We finally tear ourselves from the lido deck, go down to our room, and... no luggage. but we did get it like 5 minutes later. we then unpacked all our shit, got ourselves the first of many many many drinks, and then went gambling. the first day was alright for myself, but daniel freaking got a full house on let it ride and won $260. we then got ready for dinner, drank a lot, and danced at a club until the wee hours of the morning. we did meet a group of 4 ucla chicks who seemed very content to just hang out with themselves, another 2 ucla girls who were a bit ditsy, and then 2 other girls who seemed cool... however, as the week wore on, the more we realized how "seemed" was an appropriate term Day 2 (Monday) we woke up around 9 or so after chris announces "I'm not tired anymore." we all then went running around the deck for a while, did a small amount of weights, and ate a quick breakfast. we then laid out on the deck and drank a couple mixed drinks. i think we then went back to the casino and played a lot of roulette. it was formal night, so we headed back early and got all macked out. we then went to the captains welcome cocktail party where we got plenty of free liquor and then headed out for dinner, during which i had two lobsters, and after which we drank and danced at the club. this night was better, as we met 3 chicks from santa barbara. these chicks ended up being three of the greatest people ever to cruise with me (this being my first cruise). Day 3 (Tuesday) yet another fun day at sea. we pretty much repeated the events of the previous day, minus the working out and formal attire. i won quite a bit of money while gambling, had some beef wellington for dinner, and then drank even more than the day before. by now, we pretty much had the lay-out of the ship down, as well as a pretty good routine. the four of us participated in a single's event that night at the club, and we got some good pictures... plus i got to know one of the girls from santa barbara a lot better as we both lost at musical chairs at the same time. Day 4 (Wednesday) We wake up incredibly hung over, and as luck would have it we have to be off the ship by 8:15 so we can get going with our jungle excursion. as we're running down the gangway at 8:17, we find that our bus isn't quite here yet. once we're on the bus and get going, our tour guide gives us a tour of puerto vallarta and we have to deal with this whiny bitch up front who won't stop asking questions about shopping. we finally get to our destination, and i was little disappointed. sure, we got to see the helicopter that was in the movie predator, but when i hear rain forest, i'm thinking wet, humid jungle shit... not riverside that's really overgrown. anyhow, we do a brief hike around this river, wade through a pool, and chill at this lil restaurant. after eating some questionable guacamole, dave and i swam in these natural pools around the river, making sure not to get any water in my mouth or eyes. we then got back in the bus and they dropped us off in downtown puerto vallarta. we stopped off at carlos o'briens (touristy restaurant similar to sr. frogs or a TGIFridays), got the worst service ever, and we checked out the beach for a while. after a fruitless search for the bar that had 2 for 1 beers, free pool, and a titty bar, we headed back for the ship since that night was filet mignon night. pretty much repeated the previous nights activities of gambling, drinking, and some dancing, although i think we might have turned in at a more reasonable time of 1:30. Day 5 (Thursday) we correctly decided not to buy an excursion for mazatlan, so when we disembarked we had no idea what the hell to do. our taxi driver elvis and his mexican limousine took us to the hotel strip of mazatlan, and we pretty much chilled on the beach the whole day. chris and i picked up a blanket each, dave got a hand-carved dolphin, and we all got constantly harrassed from peddlers. but we all did a little surfing and playing in the waves, and dave capped the day by going parasailing. from there we went to sr. frog's, got some tequila shots, and headed back to the ship. this time when the ship left port we were in the spa, getting felt up by 8 year olds... then we did the standard gamble, dinner, drink, dance; except this time it was with a lot of 16 year olds... i mean, the 16 year olds were out there the previous nights, but i think they came out in force that night Day 6 (Friday) we didn't have much time in cabo, so we got off the boat early and pretty much just explored the town until 11 or so. we stopped off at Cabo Wabo (i don't recommend going there during the day... too much sammy haggar for daylight) and then headed off to the office... a bar/restaurant on the sand. we met up with pretty much all the people that we had been hanging out with on the boat and pretty much drank beer after beer. absolutely gorgeous there and i think we're going to head back for a couple day vacation sometime. we had to cut out early though, since we had to get back on the little boats that were ferrying us to and from the boat. again we headed for the spa, only this time there were less 8 year olds and more 12 year olds. chris and i both got hit on. it was our second formal night that night, and we really didn't care as much as the first formal night. again, we gambled, drank, ate dinner, drank, and danced. nothing new to marvel about. Day 7 (Saturday) going up the california coast we hit a lot of 5-6 ft swells, so the whole ship was arocking the whole way back. very nauseating. pretty much started drinking around 1pm, since it was our last day on the boat, and kept that buzz going until 3am. i think there was gambling and dinner in there, but i can only assume as i was pretty drunk. found out one of the santa barbara chicks was digging me, and we all promised to head up there sometime to hang out with them. Day 8 (Sunday) woke up hung over, and we were off the ship by 9. we stood in the customs line forever with the most irritating woman behind me, and after 10 minutes on the freeway i was home. i spent the next hour unpacking, and i think i might have gone through a bout of alcohol withdrawal. i know that's a lot, but i think it be brought down to a few thoughts: i had an insanely fun week with 3 of my best friends, got away from the world, and met some awesome people, hopefully something will come out of this... but most importantly of all, i'm tan.
8365: i bowled a phat 178 tonight (my best ever by 2), got a bit drunk off of budweiser (that's all they had), and lost at darts... but at least i made some headway earlier with a woman from the cruise... that's right, i said WOMAN.... alright, i might have a bit too much booze in me at this point
8401: to my blog. it's 3 now. there's been a lot of good times, a lot of funny things i've said, and a few interspersed insightful posts. i think this blog has covered a very interesting portion of my life, starting in undergrad in riverside through the transition to med school and my move to los angeles... and hopefully i'll keep this blog up once i'm in residency and beyond. but i have to say, i really enjoy blogging for my own enjoyment... and as a byproduct i think you guys get it a kick out of it too. alright, enough already... but here's some stats: blogging since: May 29, 2001 posts written: 978 words written: 109,962 avg posts/week: 6.27 avg words/post: 112.43 damn, that's a lot of wasted time
9022: unless you count the millions of deaths each year from mosquito-borne illnesses... but i'm not talking about that kind of stagnation. not too much is really going on in my life other than school... hence it feels like my life has stagnated over the past few days (get the title tie-in?). i have a huge day of testing tomorrow that involves a clinic in the morning... wait, did i talk about this exam already? lemme check... alright, i knew i talked about the structure of the exam. anyway, that's tomorrow. not really freaking out it about because i know i can do a good physical exam, i think i can weasel my way through all the radiology questions, and i need to do poorly on the practice board exam so i can be motivated to do well on the real boards. the only thing i'm anxious about is that the clinic portion of the exam is video taped... so i hope i don't get any performance anxiety. ok, so in my traditional style of "studying," i'm going to go watch the lakers stake a huge halftime lead, only to narrowly defeat the pistons in the final minute or so... you know, standard lakers game. i think this is why, as i laker fan, i'm never satisfied with a lakers' lead unless it's at least 10 points...
9211: my weekend was alright... saturday morning i got out of the hospital pretty early (9am), and i went to my parents house where i just chilled out for a while. i then went over to chris' parents' house to play some cards, but we were interrupted by yet another power outage. once the lights came back on, we were already in the midst of some good card playing. halfway through the night, while playing 7 card stud, i definitely one of the best possible card combos. i started off with a queen and a seven in the hole, with another queen face up for a nice pair to start off the game. my next up-card was a 7, giving me two pair, followed by a crap card that didn't do shit, and my last up-card was another 7... i had a full house. well, we get one more down-card, and it was a 7!!!! i had four of a kind!!! needless to say, i won that hand. today was rather fun. after another sermon on sex at church (a real good message and not in a all-you-heathens-are-going-to-hell sort of way), my dad and i went to see the bourne supremacy. i consider the bourne identity to be one of my favorite movies of all-time, so i was understandably really looking forward to this one... and it did not disappoint. in fact, i'd be willing to see it again...
9436: this past week i've been horrible at blogging... because i've been so damn busy. well, i figured i only had one week of summer vacation so i had better live it up. so in that spirit, i went to a great dodger game today... but i got a little too much sun. when will i learn? alright, i better clean up my apartment or try to do something constructive with my time... who am i kidding?

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/24336.male.24.Technology.Leo.xml:
11331: Since Leah had just turned twenty one the previous week, we hit a few bars during the trip. She had received a few suggestions from coworkers and with the power of Pocket Streets on my Pocket PC, we hunted them down. First problem: one of the bars was called Bowery. When I pulled a “Find Place…”, it found Bowery alright. It wasn’t until we were in the heart of Chinatown with no one around that I realized that it found a street called Bowery and had simply shown me the centermost location on that street. We used the Pocket PC to locate the nearest bar she had been recommended, headed in that direction, but ended up going to the closest bar we saw. It was called Pioneer and wasn’t too bad of a place. 

~/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/259145.female.17.Accounting.Taurus.xml:
<binary>

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/263212.male.23.indUnk.Taurus.xml:
1494: 						 Trampoline Angel My brother got a trampoline for his tenth birthday on Monday. I've gotten into going out and jumping on it. I think I like it more than he does. Tuesday afternoon it had been raining. I went out to find a still semi-wet trampoline. I could jump, just not as well. I was in a wacky mood as I often am. I laid down. I don't know what got into me, but I started moving my arms....as if...as if i were making a trampoline angel. "Oh my," I realized "I think I've invented something. Anyway this afternoon I went back out there. I carried my Bible and notebook. I set them on the edge and laid down. I closed my eyes and started my prayer. In no time at all I was asleep again. I dreamed I was praying. I woke up and spoke a few more words only to fall back out. The memory of it is all a blur really. At some point my dad came out to see if I was alright. Then I sat up and began writing in my notebook. I journal excessively, so I was going to write a little summation of thoughts and concerns before starting the prayer. That ended up being 6 pages long. At the conclusion it dawned on me that this had been a time of prayer. I feel like I was getting somewhere with it. In my next post I am going to share with you some excerpts from those six pages. 
1611: 						 Re-entry I've been detached far too long. I've been detached. I've been apathetic. I was looking forward to the return of some friends, but felt distant from most people. My plan was to stay as far away as possible, to isolate myself. I felt so separated from almost everyone at school. I didn't think I could get enough space. My plan was to shut my mouth and become a mystery. I didn't want to try and be close with people it felt were so far away. These thoughts weren't entirely irrational. To some extent I am going in a different direction. I don't love the campus life, the inanity, the loudness,and the predictable randomness of it all. But neither is it like me to stay away. There's something about this campus life that draws me in. There's something about it that I do like, something that keeps me coming back. Maybe it's those occassions that I relate to someone. Maybe its when we rise above the prescribed immaturity and relativism that I enjoy the atmosphere the most. I wasn't all that excited about everyone getting back, but something happened. I'm really not sure exactly what happened. It's not that I can't explain it, I just don't remember it. I was sitting there thinking yesterday and I realized how I feel now. It was so strange. Maybe I worked it out in my sleep. Actually, the more I think about it I have an answer. A friend and I resolved some things the night before. I didn't feel as distant from her anymore. I guess maybe all my fear stemmed from what was wrong. What a relief, God worked this out. I'm still a little weary about how things might be. I can't tell you it's all going to be alright, but like I told her,"I'm trying." Before I didn't even want to try. God works wonders. 
1755: 						 Hard Candy This is possibly my favorite off the new album, definetly top 3. It's such a good song, such well-written poetry. I plan to give this Counting Crows' release of the same title a review sometime soon. On certain Sundays in November When the weather bothers me I empty drawers of other summer's Where my shadows used to be She is standing by the water As her smile begins to curl In this or any other summer She is something all together different Never just an ordinary girl And in the evenings on Long Island When the colors start to fade She wears a silly yellow hat That someone gave her when she stayed I didn't think that she returned it We left New York in a whirl Time expands and then contracts When you are spinning In the grips of someone Who is not an ordinary girl When you sleep You find your mother in the night But she stays just out of sight So there isn't any sweetness in the dreaming And when you wake the morning covers you with light And it makes you feel alright But it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again You send your lover off to China Then you wait for her to call You put your girl up on a pedestal Then you wait for her to fall I put my summer's back in a letter And I hide it from the world All the regrets you can't forget Are somehow pressed upon a picture In the face of such an ordinary girl When you sleep You find your mother in the night But she fades just out of sight So there isn't any sweetness in the dreaming And when you wake the morning showers you with light And it makes you feel alright But it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again And it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again Go ask her to come around And see me late after dark Don't ask me to come around Then wait to see if there's a spark 
2214: 						 All I Wanted to Say biting my lip is a new chore of mine I can't say what I'm thinking I can't speak my mind when you are done with me I will be fully equipped with the same blushing smile and no lips I love the way you say I can't help how I feel even though I don't agree I love the look in your eye I'm cheap I'll take sympathy understand my pain as an unwashed stain too deep in the grain to waste the change the change rarely takes place and each day is hard to face you'll be living your brand new life and I'll be stuck in my old one but that's alright 
2646: 						 One of Those Days some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned but no not for me. not her. not now. there's just no way she's out of my league I'm lame and often a jerk she's too good for me it would never work the fireworks wait in the box and the matches are in my pocket I'm ready to watch our sky light up look back at me let me believe some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned she lays her head on the back of the chair what I'd give to touch her hair for her to care the others they must see me for once happy extremely I bounce down the hall. ready to fall. not apart but into a heart together with her I'm ready to fall down ten flights I wouldn't feel a thing,'cept alright I want to be laughed at for my clown smile put that on file under new experiences she wears glasses to read she gets into this I can't help but exist and love it hold me back some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned this is one of those days I look you over. over and over again my smile hangs down my chin you make me look silly but I'm much too happy to care today some days love seems possible even inevitable unescapable like I'm tied down to train tracks It's too late for me I'd never go back but friends, I ask you, don't worry about me I'm being buried by the joy this is no near-death experience I've never lived like this never existed This is the first day of my life and I like the world so far 
4183: 						 Priests and Paramedics by Pedro the Lion Paramedics brave and strong Up before the break of dawn Putting poker faces on Broken bodies all day long The neighbors heard a fight Someone had a knife It must have been the wife Husband's lost a lot of blood He wakes up screaming "Oh my god, am I gonna die? Am I gonna die?" As they strapped his arms down to his sides At times like these they'd been taught to lie "Buddy just calm down, you'll be alright" Several friends came to his grave His children were so well-behaved As the priest got up to speak The assembly craved relief But he himself had given up So instead he offered them this bitter cup "You're gonna die, we're all gonna die Could be twenty years, could be tonight Lately I have been wondering why We go to so much trouble to postpone the unavoidable And prolong the pain of being alive" 
6019: 						 You put the 'n' in my Rock'n'Roll. for what for you forever, for true for love for real fortune I feel is in your eyes behind those lush lashes hide stashes of bliss and a certain joy that is to exist I've asked why I was living and now I think I know plant me down wherever it is you go pluck me up before you leave all growing things need sunlight I just need you here to breathe and I will be alright at ease fit to please and ready to rock 'n' roll. 
6314: 						 Stunk on Drupid Twice today I was instant messaged by a person saying I'm the undertaker, telling me I ought to change my Johnny Cash buddy icon and asking for celebrity screen names.&nbsp; It was under two different AIM accounts but logic informs me the same mastermind(s) are behind both occurences.&nbsp; Here for your reading pleasure is highlights from the second conversation. &nbsp; identity crisis Stng783: yo undertaker dobler 34: what? dobler 34: im not the undertaker Stng783: Undertaker Stng783: u got a prob..... Stng783: yo Stng783: wait dobler 34: ok Stng783: give me any wrestlers sn if u have any Stng783: pretty please dobler 34: funny Stng783: no its not dobler 34: im not a wrestler Stng783: wat ever &nbsp; dissin' on cash Stng783:&nbsp; yo change tht icon Stng783: man Stng783: it looks dum Stng783: Cash Stng783: wats tht dobler 34: did you im me earlier under a different sn? Stng783: nope Stng783: tht was 50Cent dobler 34: nope Stng783: i have his Stng783: wat kind of icon is tht Stng783: it looks dum Stng783: man Stng783: change Stng783: it dobler 34: dude its johnny cash dobler 34: who are you to tell me to change my icon? dobler 34: nobody Stng783: go to hell Stng783: man dobler 34: no thanks &nbsp; like i'd tell you Stng783: give me someones sn u know Stng783: please Stng783: anybody Stng783: please Stng783: can u dobler 34: aeric36 Stng783: whos sn its tht dobler 34: a friends Stng783: wats his name dobler 34: eric Stng783: oh Stng783: u know any celebrities sn Stng783: like movie actors dobler 34: right...yeah hold on Stng783: k dobler 34: speilberg49 Stng783: whos tht dobler 34: steven speilberg dobler 34: director of et dobler 34: idiot Stng783: who else dobler 34: u want hulk hogans? Stng783: yea Stng783: hell yea dobler 34: its actually under a rather obscure name Stng783: can u give it to me Stng783: his sn dobler 34: slipperypeteslip Stng783: thts a fake sn Stng783: man dobler 34: no dude its not Stng783: k Stng783: wat ever u say dobler 34: its not like he just sits around waiting for dudes like you to im him Stng783: hes not on dobler 34: whats your name? Stng783: Tony dobler 34: tony the tiger? Stng783: no Stng783: Yayo Stng783: u know violent j dobler 34: never heard of him &nbsp; deeper questions Stng783: are u bad or good dobler 34: i am alright Stng783: are u evil dobler 34: not entirely Stng783: u know Jason Stng783: Shepherd dobler 34: no dobler 34: where does he live? Stng783: u know stone cold dobler 34: not personally Stng783: k Stng783: u know his sn dobler 34: stonecoldsucks Stng783: Word Life dobler 34: what? dobler 34: so you really are obsessed with wrestling aren't you? &nbsp; &nbsp; Previous message was not received by Stng783 because of error: User Stng783 is not available 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/271835.male.24.Technology.Libra.xml:
2833: Outsourcing UK IT to India is beneficial to the UK economy says an IT software and services organisation from erm.. India. So that's alright then.
6000: getHTMLForIcon('lightside'); --> A year ago today Apple launched it's iTunes store . And we still haven't got an iPod. That's alright - I'll be receiving mine today from Bungers for coming 1st in the March icon compo . Yay!

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/296044.male.27.Technology.Capricorn.xml:
187: It's Alright Dictation being forced in Afghanistan Revolution in South Africa taking a stand People in Eurasia on the brink of oppression I hope it's gonna be alright 'cause the music plays forever I hope it's gonna be alright Forests falling at a desperate pace The earth is dying and desert taking its place People under pressure on the brink of starvation I hope it's gonna be alright Generations will come and go but there's one thing for sure Music is our life's foundation and shall succeed all the nations to come I hope it's gonna be alright 'cause the music plays forever I hope it's gonna be alright 'Cause the music plays forever The year three thousand may still come to pass but the music shall last I can hear it on a timeless wavelength never dissipating but giving us strength I hope it's gonna be alright --Pet Shop Boys

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/298924.male.25.Student.Gemini.xml:
991: See....I talked Sherry Carter up!!.....she was on a commercial for Blockbuster video shamelessly plugging some bad movies.... Anyways I'm concerned about one of the bloggers I read (and who also reads me)....I really hope everything is alright....and if there is anything I can do for you, you know how you can reach me if you feel the need to talk....I hope it all works itself out...but know that I'm here if you need me! That's all for now....

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/303162.female.38.indUnk.Virgo.xml:
14425: I had the nicest thing happen to me today. Seems buzzstuff has a monthly Blog it Forward Day . You're to pick someone off of your blogroll (or link list) and tell us why they are link-worthy (alright, you can pick more than one if you must). It's a great chance to spotlight someone who just isn't getting the recognition they deserve. Or maybe you'd like to tell us about a fantastic writer that gives you pause every day. Maybe you just want to point out someone who makes you laugh every day. There might even be someone out there who has changed your life. And Kate picked me ! I was so blown away by the fact that she choose me from her really long list of favorite reads ~ plus she had some really nice things to say about me! Thanks, Kate!! 
17385: Visiting the shelter each Sunday morning is something that gives me such a sense of peace ~ like nothing else in my life does right now. There was a really small crew of walkers today. Only five were big enough to eat in the high chairs. Even though some of them were crabby today, they are still so sweet and just in need of some extra attention. Sometimes a little lap time is all it takes. G was crying for no reason, so I picked her up and carried her around for a while. After she quieted down, I asked her are you alright now? And she shook her head no. So I held her for as long as she needed and eventually she left me to go play. A lap is never an empty one for very long. Someone is always clambering up for a hug or a kiss. For a quiet moment. And there always seems to be a line. Sometimes patient. Sometimes urgent. Sometimes you have to put down the child you adore and pick up one who needs you. Tiny Miss D was there today. They held her up to an eight month old and they were the same size. She's just so small and delicate. I can toss her up in the air and catch her. She loves it. Giggles with joy. She wanted me to rock her to sleep, so I did. Stroking her head with my hand. She was asleep in about a minute. These are the days I wish I were certified, cause I'd bring her home with me in a heartbeat.
19045: Whoo-hoo! I've got my blog back! Oh, I have missed you so! Thanks to those who e-mailed to make sure I was alright. And for the comments I was just able to read tonight. When I changed templates, I received an error message that wouldn't allow me to post anything. Thankfully, the guys at Blogger were finally able to fix it for me. Everyday I have thought of something to write about. And everyday I couldn't, I spent less and less time at my computer. Which was good in a way, but something was definitely missing from my life. I quickly decided I didn't like the Blogger comments, so I've put back the YACCS comments. Forget anonymous! I want to know who has what to say!!

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/307112.female.24.Arts.Virgo.xml:
52: hey you guys wow i havent BLARG yesterday. its because i dont have damn dsl !!!!!!! lets see. tm1nor is in the process of looking for a new car. i dont want american car but i might have to. i like the vibe. that lil bitch gets up to 180hp not bad my boss says. but its kinda $ which i thought was cheaper. but i was lookin @ this site and i heard good things about them and i might look into them. but right now im going to tune up my ole car and hopefully get it for 1k or SOMETHING !!! ill just be honest to the customer..... 1) the oil leaks 2) need 4 new struts 3) thats about it really after i get my car a tune up. =) that should be all the problems and maybe i can get a nice down payment on a new car ...or kinda new...hehe i used to rate the people AIM and it was sooomeeeeee [ not to be mean ] but some ugly people or either they are hoochie mamas or rico sauve guys.... im @ work and guess where im goin tonight MELTING POT !!!!!! i think the reston one ( i hear its nice ) and it takes 3 hours to EAT ...thats what mr.t says... alright ill blog later on my car and nathan i better see your pad today! 
133: man....... registering for classes is a PAIN hey NATE-DAWG, i'm takin ECON, you wanna HELP a sister OUT?? ;o) alright write more after i get my schedule straighten out.......... ttyl
268: ok i wrote all this crap but it just erased all of a sudden:oP anyhoo, wasabie peoples??? did you have fun in adams morgan?? hmmm i would have met up with ya'll but SOMEONE didnt call me back :oP i just got back from cafe asia and cafe noir,,, hahah ya know cafe noir mad koreans up in there.. we should hang out there, mad koreans for you doods, anyhoo they didnt card my ass so it was cool! i had this strawberry vodka shot, it was tasty! alright i guess i better bounce, see ya all tomorrow!! Night Precious Peoples!!!
349: ok........ i guess nobody likes to respond to my postings ;o( you must think I am a geek, but what else can I be doin at work since they freakin BLOCKED my AIM.... anyhoo....... whats goin on peoples??? Wasbabie for tonight?? I think I'm hitting INSOMNIA, i know very sad, but actually I've never been, so just wanna check it out, besides open bar 9-10 whoppppeeee............... sike no more drinkin for me.......... alright peoples have a good day! ttyl!! Nathaniel, where the heck are ya NaTe-DawG?? 
367: WaSabie PeoPLeSs? About time, missy THY includes me in on things. THANKS dood!! ;o) J/k! I gotz mad love for ya alwayz!!! Anyhoo, Sanh man, I know where to take you to dinner dood, MCd's on me foo!!!!!! ;o) Nate-DaWg, I cant believe u called me a brat, :o( I see how you think of me forreal now!!! :oP AlrighT I must be borin, who else is on this junx..........wasabie out there?????????? Simon, dear, we gotta catch up on shots , you only had one with me last weekend................... ;o) alright later!!!! 
628: I knew that was going to happen but i didn't want to tell you guys is all oh well maybe you'll follow in my wonderful foot steps next time tiskit a tasket a flower makeing basket can't remember all the workds dammit oh well thats right you all need to listen to me am i wrong or am i wrong. Thats right i'm right MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA don't ask me ask yourself are you reading this right and if you think you are what are you reading that makes you wonder so much. And for any of you that have a problem out there to bad i can't help you so bugg off what did you say i'm going to get you sucka Thy is the bomb cause i said so and you can disagree if you'd like i'm not going to stop you. well here is one link you ppl may enjoy now where did i put that damn thing dag nabbit i know i'm always off the subject but hey thats Thy's fault for putting me in this damn thing don't worry you won't have to listen to any of my jibberish or rancid typeing or words or what ever the hell you want to call it fior a whole two weeks i tell you right two weeks i know your all rejoiceing yipee i know i am you need to look very carefully and listen it may take some time but you'll hear a funny noise in the background you need to check this out i would link this stuff for you all but i have no idea how to and no one i know has any clue how to also so haha oh well sucks to be u so cut and past it then alright so let me c here how else can i ramble about nothing and waste everyones time let me c this is a awsome cool site everyone should check out actually everyone should check out every single site i put out cause there wicked awsome cool that right homey you best listen if you don't want a cooter woopin that just doesn't sound right ignore the alright but i will have to agree that avril is pretty cool to listen to wow how bad am i at grammer i'm sure no one really minds it makes for intresting reading i think and i know this is long also so enjoy it all ladies
907: whats your junction? about 30 mins i will have JB pickin my ass up to head over to chanan's apt....i think we're headin to clarendon...about 14 mins from dc...or make that 12 mins....but its a alright bar but we're going mostly for chanan b/c she likes the half bar / half club type of place. i guess she doesnt like standing and socializing more so just breaking it down at the dance floor. tomorrow is jb's 1st party at his parents house. its gonna be fun. im having 2k spinning , tom , and jb spinning. and i will do a surprise dj set for you guys. 2.4 minute set list coming at ya. and tomorrow is FRIDAY and i cant wait. la la la. probalby pass out at jb's house ............ok off to go doodle around.... where is midgetville? my friend pablo called and asked me about it. i heard about it but i thought it was in city of alexandria but i guess he said its around vienna/merrifield.....funnny pablo..... winamp- get up kids "overdue" 
925: Damn, I haven't blogged in a while. Hmmm...still deciding, AC. To go or not to go... How was Dream? Wish I could've gone, but I'm stuck at work for about 16 hours today. Just 12 to go..oh well, at least I can get some studying done today. First week and I've already read 300 pages of this boring ass english book!! But, I did place into Calculus, so I CAN apply to UPenn...thought maybe I wouldn't have my transfer requirements done in time. Well, hope everyone has a good holiday weekend...BASTARDS!! ooopss..didn't mean that, I'm just jealous. It's alright though...next june I'll start my 8 month vacation...ooooh yeah!!
1393: hahaha, alright look. about the cop thing. when he pulled up on sanh's side i realized real quick that he might give sanh some shit if i gave HIM some shit. SOOOO, i shut up for SANH'S sake! actually, if sanh had drank nothing and i was sure the pig didn't have anything on us, i might've been more apt to open my mouth. then again, maybe not cause i was also thinkin about me being on probation.... so ANYWAY... here i am in front of my coputer, 9:11pm, at WORK! ...AGAIN! 
1483: FUUUUUUUCK! damn it! can u believe i might have to actually fuckin come in to WORK this weekend? fucking deadlines... man, hope i can get all my shit together by the end of today. actually, that's not what i'm worried about. i gotta stay to make sure everybody ELSE'S shit is together. my shit's pretty much done already. damn... don't know about AC now. gonna be a long day... anyway, crab party sounds like an awesome idea annie! hopefully i won't be working but shit, even if i am, i can stop by since ashburn's only a couple miles from leesburg anyway! (where i work) nathan, nice crib man! you'll have to hook that place up. anything to help out a fellow halfbreed, hehe... alright, guess i need to start working... 
2401: wow, thanks for posting that thy. what a lovely picture of me. hahaha... alright, ANYWAY... today's lineups: Parlay (3 Teams) $20/$117, this time i went line: Chiefs(Kansas) -3 Seahawks(Seattle) --- Packers(GreenBay) +3 Buccaneers(TampaBay) --- Raiders(Oakland) -9.5 Cardinals(Arizona) my safety this time is just a $30 straight wager. don't think a 2-team parlay can be considered a "safety" anymore: Packers(GreenBay) Over 39 Buccaneers(TampaBay) 
2563: alright, so i got 2 bets going today. NOW, seeing as how i lost a considerable amount of money in ac, i decided to make my bets a little higher today in the hopes that this would offset my losings from yesterday... SOOOOOOOooooo... here's what i got: BET 1 ("safety" bet, 2 team parlay): Bills(Buffalo) Under 52 Chiefs(Kansas) Packers(GreenBay) Under 50.5 Vikings(Minnesota) money riding: $40, payoff: $104 BET 2 (big kahuna, 3 team parlay): Panthers(Carolina) Over 34.5 Buccaneers(TampaBay) Ravens(Baltimore) Over 34.5 Dolphins(Miami) Redskins(Washington) Over 34.5 Giants(NewYork) money riding: $50, payoff: $300 everybody keep your fingers crossed. =) if i hit both, round of drinks for everybody, hahahaha 
3895: heres the email ive been telling everyone about...about this co-worker that works with luke...he doesnt hangout with guy at all. and he freaks out b/c he calls him a narc, as a joke. luke thought he was always a little off... Date: Wed, 29 Jan 2003 18:03:11 -0800 (PST) From: joshua theobald To: Luke NARC?....you are seriously mistaken....for one, narcs don't smoke up....cops don't let them....narcs buy and leave....two, i just moved down here....what, do i move somewhere and contact my local police dept and apply for a narc job....then go find pot heads to bust?....thats just stupid luke....i love to smoke up....and i will until the day i die....i just changed my minor to agriculture for obvious reasons....if you think about it, it all doesn't add up to a narc....back home one of the most fucked up things you can call any one of us is a narc....you may get a bad vibe from me, but i'll tell you exactly where it's coming from....i think you are an insane headcase....boarder line schitzo and i have thought you were a weirdo since day....thats the bad vibe you started with me....and i'm not the only one at braden who thinks that....but, i always get to know people before i judge(yes i'm human)....so yes, i got a great sack of weed from your roommate....props to him....we smoked up and hung out....it was cool....i know you are a difficult person but i understood that and tried to see past it....and then you just got ultra parinoid and labled me a narc....well, i was trying to avoid the two hour trip back home to get the goodies, but thats alright....next time you are dry just think of me plastered to the couch baked out of my gourd with the biggest shit eatin grin on my face and think 'damn, i wonder if i could get some dank from josh' ===== then before and now once more
4471: ive been a hectic week for me.... first off, i am in my new apartment !!! my 1st time moving from my family, its kinda shocking and kinda fun as well. It was very stressful the day before the move in, but it turn out alright. Thanks to everyone that was putting up with my stressing out thoughts and plus i had a terrible nightmare the night before the move in. ill chat more about it later, everyone who reads this, i always see over the weekend. 
4741: poker party last night was alright. got to see some old people i used to hangout and it was good to catch up. i think around 1am, i got my " i shouldn't have jungle juice with beer with sake with other crap together " headache... that my friend is a picture of kyle, i didnt see him last week at 2k's because he went to the air show in maryland. that's him tonight, he was all red but the funny thing is he didnt want to put any sunblock but did get offered but didnt want it. hes like a peeling walking machine now.&nbsp; 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/313102.male.45.Internet.Pisces.xml:
9755: BBC NEWS | Entertainment | TV and Radio | Lost Doctor Who show revived The Doctor Who episode originally written in 1979 by Douglas Adams and whose production was halted by industrial action, has been remade for webcast by BBCi in the spring. Paul McGann will play the Doctor again. Hooray, perhaps. I'm old enough to remember William Hartnell, the first actor in the role, and to not remember any of them after Tom Baker left the series, which according to this page was in 1980. My, how time flies, and makes those curious radiophonic wheezing noises as it does so. Come to think of it, I also remember the Doctor that isn't included on this list. It would be almost tempting to make an audience participation thing out of it - except that there's no such thing as obscure trivia when you're sitting in front of a screen with an net connection, as you presumably are. Alright, alright, it was Peter Cushing, in Dr Who and The Daleks (1965) - which is the only time that Doctor was shortened to Dr., trivia fans! - and Daleks' Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. (1966). I once had the book of the film of one or other of those, but I'm not sure which. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/316316.female.24.Education.Virgo.xml:
2176: I have a great aunt...well, let's back up. Technically, she'd be my step-great-aunt. She's my stepfather's aunt. But my mom and my stepdad have been married since I was 4, so it's not a distinction I've ever really made. Anyway, I have a great aunt named Agnes. I wish I knew more about her life, actually, but the pieces I do know amuse and inspire me--she went to college at Stanford and became a nurse, even though she was born in 1912 or something on a farm in rural Oregon. It sounds like she sort of always did just about whatever she wanted. She apparently married a real asshole and that sucked for a long while, but he was dead before I was born, so I don't have any first hand knowledge of that part. The part I do have firsthand knowledge of is her in old age. And she was a pistol! I remember once, after hearing I'd been sick with an ovarian infection, she wrote me a letter counseling me about safe sex and including the memorable phrase, "I, thank God, have never had VD!" Keep in mind that she was nearly 90 when she wrote this and you can begin to see how funny she was. And she valued education really highly, and having no children of her own, spread her wealth around to help a bunch of us in college. She sent me money every month for quite a while when things were tight, and I couldn't have made it through undergrad as well as I did without her. She's been in an assisted living place for two or three years now, because she's gotten weak and because she doesn't see well and sometimes gets confused, etc. And this morning, my mom sent me this email: Agnes had to be moved to a nursing home 2 or 3 days ago. She fell a couple of times- didn't break anything though. She fell in the night and was slightly dehydrated when they found her in the morning, but she's alright that way. She just is too weak and dizzy to stand up on her own. I think she had some small strokes too because the right side of her face droops, she only talks out of the left side of her mouth and it takes for ever to get a sentence out - but it's not garbled. Also when I saw her yesterday she didn't seem to be moving her right hand. I didn't ask if she could though because I didn't want her to obsess about it. Anyway, I'm taking Thurs & Fri off and packing all her stuff up (nothing heavy though) so George and who ever he can find to help can move it to storage this weekend. We need to get her out by the end fo the month which is Sun. or it will cost another $2000. When I visited her yesterday the only thing she seemed to want to talk about was you. She wanted details on what you are doing - in college and what your future plans are. Then, it took her a while to get it out but she said to tell Grace we love her. If you could send her a card - maybe a just thinking of you kind and let her know what you're doing. If you have any photos of you and Mark and the dog maybe you could send her one. My guilt, she is enormous. I didn't see her when I was home for Christmas. I told myself it was because I didn't have time, or because I had a cold I didn't want to spread to her, but really it was because she's old and she's sick and I don't deal well with that. The place she was in depressed me, and I don't deal well with that. I don't want to remember her the way she is now, so I didn't go visit. And now it looks like I won't get the chance. Subsequent emails from Mom confirmed that she doesn't have much time--and why would she? She's over 90 years old. It's completely my fault that I didn't see her when I had the chance, and I accept responsibility for that. My question is this: if she is asking/thinking about me, what can I do for her now? Obviously I can send a card/letter and some pictures, but is there anything else? 
2638: By no means a complete listing, just a few to think about. It won't rain all the time The sky won't fall forever And though the night seems long your tears won't fall forever Jane Siberry, "It Can't Rain All The Time" Woke up to the sound of pouring rain The wind would whisper and I'd think of you And all the tears you cried, that called my name And when you needed me I came through Skid Row, "I Remember You" well there is no time there is only this rain there is no time, that's why I missed my plane Greg Brown, "Two Little Feet" There's rain down in the alleys Rain down in the street It was raining when we parted It'll rain next time we meet And I must, I must be in Oregon. I know I must be, I must be in Oregon. Greg Brown, "I Must Be In Oregon" Buckets of rain Buckets of tears Got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. Buckets of moonbeams in my hand, I got all the love, honey baby, You can stand. Bob Dylan, "Buckets of Rain" If I wait for cloudy skies You won't know the rain from the tears in my eyes You'll never know that I still love you So though the heartaches remain I'll do my crying in the rain A Ha, "Crying in the Rain" And she laughed And she cried She damn near died On the day it rained forever Eurythmics, "The Day It Rained Forever" This old airport's got me down it ain't no earthy good to me Because I'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunk as I can be You can't hop a jet plane like you can a railroad train So I'd best be on my way in the early morning rain Bob Dylan, "Early Morning Rain" I've seen fire and I've seen rain I seen sunny days that I thought would never end I seen lonely times when I could not find a friend But I always thought that I'd see you again. James Taylor, "Fire and Rain" I'm walking, I keep on walking down the street I'm watching, I keep on searching every place I've been I love her and now I've lost her, and love's in vain. I watch her funeral in the rain Chris Isaak, "Funeral In The Rain" Someone told me long ago There's a calm before the storm, I know; It's been comin' for some time. When it's over, so they say, It'll rain a sunny day, I know; Shinin' down like water. Credence Clearwater Revival, "Have You Ever Seen The Rain?" Here comes the rain again Falling on my head like a memory Falling on my head like a new emotion I want to walk in the open wind I want to talk like lovers do I want to dive into your ocean Is it raining with you Eurythmics, "Here Comes The Rain Again" Broken windows and empty hallways A pale dead moon in the sky streaked with gray Human kindness is overflowing And I think it's going to rain today Randy Newman, "I Think It's Gonna Rain Today" I'm only happy when it rains I'm only happy when it's complicated And though I know you can't appreciate it I'm only happy when it rains You know I love it when the news is bad Why it feels so good to feel so sad I'm only happy when it rains Garbage, "I'm Only Happy When It Rains" And as I watch the drops of rain Weave their weary paths and die I know that I am like the rain There but for the grace of you go I. Simon and Garfunkel, "Kathy's Song" Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin’ for a train, Feeling nearly faded as my jeans, Bobby flagged a diesel down, just before it rained, Took us all the way to New Orleans. Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee" I never meant 2 cause u any sorrow I never meant 2 cause u any pain I only wanted 2 one time see u laughing I only wanted 2 see u laughing in the purple rain Prince, "Purple Rain" It was the night Rod Stewart played And we were, were standing in the pouring rain If I had known it was the last time I would see you again... I would change everything... Alanis Morrisette, "Rain" These train conversations are passing me by And I don't have nothing to say You get what you pay for But I just had no intention of living this way I need a phone call I need a plane ride I need a sunburn I need a raincoat And I get no answers And I don't get no change It's raining in Baltimore, baby But everything else is the same Counting Crows, "Raining in Baltimore" These are the seasons of emotion and like the winds they rise and fall This is the wonder of devotion - I see the torch we all must hold. This is the mystery of the quotient - Upon us all a little rain must fall. Led Zepplin, "The Rain Song" It's always one thing or another, seems like we never get ahead Reaching out for the brass ring, and landing in the dirt instead We can't get past yesterday, we're only counting down from ten It seems like every move we make, brings us back where we began You've gotta Run Between The Raindrops If you wanna see the sun Run, Run, Run, Between The Raindrops Run Between The Raindrops, if you wanna see the sun Run, Run, Run, - Run Baby Run Pat Benatar, "Run Between The Raindrops" I saw a friend who doesn't know If I'm his friend just yet His eyes and mouth were widely open And his jaw was set Like he'd fell off a cliff And hadn't hit the bottom yet I wish he wouldn't pull those things on me Without a net Without a net I had him up to the house one time And we was having a real good time Then he went and lain His Saddle in the rain John Prine, "Saddle in the Rain" The sky is crying, Look at the tears rolling down the streets. The sky is crying, Look at the tears rolling down the streets. I looked out my window, The rain was falling down in sheets. Eric Clapton, "The Sky Is Crying" But baby it's alright Break this chain of love and madness It's alright Take this rain as your new address It's alright Take this rain It's alright Take this rain You're going to be free Jackson Browne, "Take This Rain" My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I Got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window, And I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be grey Put your picture on my wall It reminds me that it's not so bad It's not so bad Dido, "Thank You" I thought I heard you laughing I never wanted to make you cry I only needed a reason To see a teardrop caught in your eye 'Coz loving you keeps me from the storm When It Rains in America Sarah Brightman, "When It Rains in America" And I don't understand why I sleep all day And I start to complain that there's no rain Blind Melon, "No Rain" And you know the light is fading all too soon You're just two umbrellas one late afternoon You don't know the next thing you will say This is your favorite kind of day It has no walls, the beauty of the rain is how it falls, how it falls, how it falls Dar Williams (Many thanks to Rain Songs a la Carte for the help with this list.)

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/317450.female.25.indUnk.Taurus.xml:
247: I can't believe it's already September. I watched a football game today. September and football: sure makes me think of fall, a time I am so ready for. I love the summer, but it's time for cooler weather. Can you tell there isn't a lot going on in my life? I have resorted to talking about weather. I guess I could go back to that football game I mentioned. Gosh, UK didn't look so great. And U of L obviously did something right. 36-10. Those Cardinals at least kept the ball and, more importantly, got it in to the end zone. Football is OK, but I would have rather been there than watching is on my rather small TV screen. My dad and Greg were there (not together), but I had to come to work at 4:30, so I settled for TV. You know, come to think about it, listening to those sometimes annoying commentators probably actually helped me follow the game better. OK, I am totally babbling, but I suppose that's alright because this is a blog, which is a word that reminds me of babbling anyway. 
987: OK, it's Monday, so avid readers of my blog (alright, so maybe there is no such thing...) are predicting that if I went to Lexington, I'm going to talk about going to church at Southland and how much I love Mike Breaux. And, guess what, you non-existent avid readers are right. (I guess if they don't really exist, they can't be right, but that's not the point.) Yes, I went to see Greg for part of the day, postponing his studying for finals by several hours. And Southland was so great. Right now the church is starting this three-year fund-raising campaign. To visiting people who are familiar with the church but don't belong, such a subject could get really old really fast. Well, not with Mike Breaux preaching. He's amazing. He can preach on sacrificing financially in such a way that you want to listen, then he leads you into this deeper message that I totally believe is from God about sacrificing yourself for God and for others. But preach isn't the right verb. Mike Breaux celebrates who Jesus is to him. And challenges everyone who is listening to do the same. Being a Christian isn't about obeying rules and sitting in the pew for him. It's about loving Jesus with all your heart, all your mind and all your soul. And because that relationship runs deep and anchors his heart, he wants to obey the commands of God in order to see the promises of God. Yes, I know all of this in the Bible. And Jesus has said all of this for a couple thousand years - to Peter and Paul and to me. But it's so refreshing for me to walk into that church and know that regardless of the prepared sermon, Jesus is going to do at least one thing in my heart. He's going to pull me closer to him, challenge to me to be His for that hour, which leads to that day and into the rest of the week and for lifetime. And you know, I think I'm fortunate enough to get that, to have that constant, unchanging figure in my life. God knows everything else around me is going to change. But what's in my heart is someone who is more steadfast than person will ever been and more forgiving and loving than I could ever ask anyone else to be. Anyway, so Mike Breaux led this celebration at church Sunday. And while lots of members of that church donated who knows how much money, people like me who were lucky enough to be there just got to be in the presence of God and rest in knowing it only gets better from here. But not only did Mike Breaux preach, but he also led the songs. I love worship there. While it's trendy and production-like with lights, an orchestra pit and screens that remind me of a basketball arena, it seems real to me. OK, so I just wrote more than anybody wants to read about my church experience yesterday - no, my God experience yesterday. Can you imagine if I'm this excited more than 24 hours after worshipping in a man-made building that actually resembles a gym more than a sanctuary how truly satisfied I'm going to be spending an eternity in heaven at the throne of God, singing and celebrating in a peace that has no time constraints? One time somebody said to imagine the most beautiful place you have ever seen on earth. Now, think, Jesus said He was going to prepare a place for us, and that was almost 2000 years ago. What an amazing place he must be preparing because He hasn't come back to get us yet.
1847: there's something wrong with the fact that two bridesmaid dresses and one wedding dress are hanging in my closest waiting to be worn in the coming months. oh, and there's another bridesmaid dress waiting to have another purpose after shelley and dustin's wedding in september. i guess nothing is wrong...just a lot of weddings. and, yes, i'm realistic, i realize the bridesmaid dress will have to wait forever for another worthy purpose. that's the problem with bridesmaid dresses. they are like grown-up prom dresses. i'm trying to fix that with mine, but who is honestly going to wear a "banana" dress at another ocassion. i sure hope someone finds that ocassion. but at least mine are about half of the price of two of the three bridesmaid dresses i own. yeah, that's right, my wedding dress is in my possession, as of today. alright, that's totally enough about dresses. so, "felicity" starts this week. the last 10 episodes. the big question: noel or ben? my vote goes to noel, but i honestly think she'll have one of those oh-so dramatic realizations - and she'll decide to move on without either of them. now, wouldn't that be anti-climatic?! i watched "once and again" last night. my mom and i used to watch that show when i would visit from college. too bad i don't need to be addicted to another TV show because it's worth watching. what's going to happen on the first 10 minutes of "survivor"? CBS is promo-ing it just like the did the tribe switch-o-roo last time. that would suck for the tribe playing (living) so well together. but i would be good for gina, who otherwise is going to lose, thanks to a bunch of slackers who voted hunter off last week. ok, like the dress topic, that's enough TV talk. i need to go pack for bowling green anyway. wait, one more thing, what's up with louisville blowing a 17-point early second-half lead and losing by three? greg would probably say that's what rick pitino gets for going to louisville. i say, wait until next year. on a funny but dangerous note, apparently the floor was slippery because the ice underneath was leaking through...that's weird, and made for lots of basketball players on the floor late in the game. good thing the game didn't go to overtime, like it looked like it might.
2537: quick update: i'm officially Kristin Taylor. i started my new job at the richmond register - although how the rain affected tobacco and a fire state groundbreaking don't fall into my beats of education and religion. ah, the beauty and beast of a small-town newspaper. i think i'll like it though. greg and i went whitewater rafting with mark and ginger earlier this week. it was fun. i finally got to read the eighth installment of the stephanie plus saga. "hard eight" was the next one in the series and i finally got my hands on it from the library. it was as funny as the others. now i'll just have to wait for janet evanovich to get busy and finish the ninth book. oh, and we went to murray for our reception last weekend. it was fun and we got a lot more great gifts. ryan brooks also brought our wedding pictures. he did a fabulous job. some other people have also given me some fun pictures from our big day. anybody out there with any, feel free to pass the along. in murray we also got to hang out with jaclyn, bryan, kelly and brandon. good times with good friends. alright, that's the brief and random update of my life recently. stay tuned for more. 
2547: alright, obviously a lot has happened in my life since i last updated. i'll do my best to catch you all up: the week before my wedding, the editor from the richmond newspaper emailed me, saying she had an education/features reporter position open. was i interested? of course. so i cram a trip back to lexington from louisville into my week, which wasn't really busy as much as there were just lots of things i wanted to do. anyway, i interviewed wednesday and she offered me the job pretty much the minute i walked in the door. it was super informal. i accepted on the spot, and drove back to louisville with a huge burden lifted. seriously, God is so good. i knew it was going to be ok, but you can't imagine how much more i enjoyed the wedding, reception and honeymoon knowing i was employed. and the editor even had no problem with me starting next week, after the reception in murray. not that there was much she could do about it. so i start wednesday. how perfect. perfect is the theme. because the wedding was perfect. i was calm, which for a perfectionist is a bit unbelievable. the music was amazing. katie and aaron played "a page is turned" so beautifully. i didn't think i was going to get to hear it, but i could from where i was waiting. i loved that. and katie quigley sang "how beautiful" during the ceremony, and she did great. lou was great on the organ. everything just fit together. i can't wait to watch it on video. i got so many compliments on the music. and the flowers...oh, they might have been my favorite part. it's a toss up with the music. the bridesmaids bouquets looked gorgeous with their yellow dresses. they each carried a different color daisy - red, orange, yellow, pink, coral. then the groomsmen they walked with had matching mini daisies on. it was great. and my bouquet was beautiful - same color daisies with white roses. they are going to look great in the pictures. my dad walking me in, the vows, the rings, the kiss, all the prayers...everything was so smooth. the chapel lady actually told me it was the smoothest wedding she had ever seen. what a compliment! my mom's family helped so much at the reception, serving drinks and helping set up and clean up. and cara's family catered it perfectly. i got so many compliments on that too. my friend elizabeth that came all the way from portland just for the weekend caught my bouquet in the toss, which i thought was appropriate. ok, honeymoon... guess what? it was perfect. traveling was smooth, and we actually got free ticket vouchers because we let them reroute us to san francisco. but we only ended up getting out there 40 minutes later than originally planned, so it didn't matter to us. we got the better end of the deal in our minds. lake tahoe was beautiful. we have tons of pictures for anyone to see, too. we went to carson city and reno, nevada, one day. they are just over the mountains. then we stopped in sacramento on our way to san francisco, where we spent the last two nights. ok, back to tahoe. we drove around the lake - all 70-something miles our first day there. that might have been my favorite thing. the california side has a bunch of little communities with quaint restaurants and shops. the nevada side is more protected parks and forests. that's until you get to the casinos on the south part of the lake. anyway, i liked the variety in scenes and weather. i'm sure i'll share more later, especially with whoever i see soon. but my fingers are tired of typing.
3377: i have 162 postcards. the majority of those made a lovely border in our bedroom. others will be incorporated in our new bedroom in murray, which will continue the travel-themed decor. postcards really are great and i love that people think enough of me to bring them or send them to me. my editors gave me two madison county postcards with my going-away gift yesterday. (that happened to be an EKU t-shirt. i'm developing an OVC collection -- murray state, austin peay, eastern.) anyway, i wasn't expecting my last day of work to be sad. but it was. i just really enjoyed the people there. i liked my job, but that's a lot easier to leave than the people who became my friends. that's what is weird about moving. it just jumbles everything. but i sure am looking forward to moving it to the sycamore house and being in the same town as jaclyn. we have big plans to grill out lots of dinner and walk, both as a social activity and exercise. we move monday. then tuesday we are going on vacation with greg's family. we're staying in a cabin in the smoky mountains. it's not gatlinburg. but somewhere near there. i'm just looking forward to relaxing. i still don't have a job, which will probably begin to worry me. but i shouldn't worry. at least greg has a job. maybe this is suppose to be a season about learning not to worry and to trust God. that's a lesson i tend to be taught over and over again. wonder when i will learn. that's life, though. tonight is katie and brad's rehearsal dinner. then the wedding is tomorrow. i'm so excited. and as happy as i am for them, i know it's going to be a bit sad because they are moving to boston. that's far. again, my life feels slightly jumbled. katie and brad are great together, and i am so blessed by watching their relationship stay centered on God and what he has in store for them. katie and i have been friends for about 14 years. wow. alright, i'm off to finish packing. as jaclyn said, i need to "get crackin' on packin.'"
3627: This weekend was fabulous. A quick run-down for you, so you too feel included in my life: FRIDAY we ate dinner at Greg's parents' house, which was delicious as always. Then we came home and played euchre with our friends Noah and Danette. I say friends, and they are, but we are just getting to know them. SATURDAY I wanted to sleep in, but woke up at 7:30 a.m., as I have already mentioned. That afternoon we had an open house for Greg at his law office. Lots of people came by. I wasn't sure what to expect. The highlight was Rod and Corbitt -- some of our friends from Lexington -- surprised and came to the open house. His parents live in Kuttawa, so they made a weekend out of it. So, after the open house we ate at Cracker Barrel with them. It was so good to catch up with them. Then we left Murray about 8:30 p.m. for Louisville. We got to Louisville after 1 a.m. that time and went to bed. SUNDAY I went to a baby shower for Laine. It was alright, but I really enjoyed seeing my mom and Cassie. I also went shopping at Kohl's and found my new favorite pants and long-sleeved T-shirt. We got back to Murray about 9:30 last night -- that's 25 hours after we left. The trip was much too quick and I wanted to stay at my parents' house longer. Good thing we're going back in two weeks for Thanksgiving. I'm not a baby, I just appreciate my family more now that I don't live there. Oh, and my mom cooked me some of her fabulous chili to bring back. We ate it for dinner tonight. Yummy. OK, more than you want to know about my life. I know. Kevin and Laine are really naming their baby girl Milla. (That's ME-LA.) It's Hawaiian for "loved by all," or something like that. Her middle name is going to be Eve. Milla Eve Hill. I guess it will grow on me. Anglea and Charles are naming their baby boy Elijah William Taylor, which is so much more traditional. Those names in themselves define the differences between my family and Greg's. Oh, well, what kind of world would this be if we were all the same? Alright, I'm totally procrastinating. I have this huge freelance project about Paducah due at the end of the month. I still have a ton to write, and yet I sit here playing on the Internet and writing in my journal. OK, I better get a few more paragraphs finished. CSI: Miami comes on in 15 minutes.
3657: "Ed" is a funny show. My mom tells me Ed's character reminds her of Greg. I think that's an alright observation. The even funnier part is the other night our friend Laura told Greg that Ed reminded her of him. I think it's the silliness and the ability to enjoy the simple things in life. And, well, of course, the fact he's a lawyer. How cool would it be if Greg had his law office in a bowling alley? That would be fun. But I bet he wouldn't get much work done. Today I covered a meeting in the Curris Center. The meeting itself was incredibly boring, but I like going to the Curris Center -- that's the student center at Murray State -- because brings back good memories. Lots of good conversations with Greg and other college friends. Fun lunches in the cafeteria there. Yet at the same time, I am so glad they are memories and that I'm not in college anymore. Plus I can buy my favorite jelly beans there. On a random note, I am so ready for UK basketball season to really get started. 
3817: alright, the randomness that is my life... This is HILARIOUS: Do you want to know what our economists do all day? Click on this Web site and move the cursor over the image. This also makes me laugh: Here's a conversation between George W. Bush and his daughter... A father watched his daughter playing in the garden.  He smiled as he reflected on how sweet and innocent his little girl was.  Suddenly she just stopped and stared at the ground. He went over to her and noticed she was looking at two spiders mating. "Daddy, what are those two spiders doing?" she asked. "They're mating," her father replied. "What do you call the spider on top, Daddy?" she asked. "That's a Daddy Longlegs, " Her father answered. A pause! "So, the other one is Mommy Longlegs?" the little girl asked. "No," her father replied.  "Both of them are Daddy Longlegs." The little girl thought for a moment, then took her foot and stomped them flat. "Well, that might be OK in California and New York, but we're not having any of that stuff in Texas!" Other random notes: When Greg and I were in Louisville this weekend we saw Gerald Fitch in the mall. He was walking with a cute, little boy and another guy. I really wanted to talk to him, but I'm a star-struck chicken. Oh well. I went to my second-ever NBA game last night. We went to Memphis to watch the Golden State Warriors beat the Grizzlies. (Are there really bears in Tennessee? They should change the mascot, really.) It was fun. 
4227: I decided Saturday afternoon I wanted to go hang out with my mom. So, Greg and I went to Louisville about 2 p.m. Saturday and got there in time to have dinner with Mom. We spent Sunday just hanging out with my parents (Greg and I had a marvelous come-from-behind victory against my parents in Rook and I tied my mom in Scrabble...) and later Poppy, Kevin, Laine and Milla. We ate steak and they had cheesecake while I ate my sugar-free Snickers Pie dessert and watched the Master's. I got to bond with my beautiful niece and had some much-needed rest at my parents' house. I was worried about making the in-laws angry for changing Easter plans, but Peggy seemed to understand a girl needing her mom. I wrote a little Saturday about how I sometimes put on my tough exterior when I talk about diabetes. People ask how I'm dealing with it and I answer with some optimistic "Oh, it's been a change, but I feel better" or "I don't mind the insulin shots." While those things are true, sometimes it would be more honest to say, "Yeah, I miss snacking in the middle of the afternoon just because I want to" or "It sucks to stick my stomach with a needle before every meal and before I go to bed." There's no doubt it's made me more disciplined, but there's no doubt sometimes I just have to wonder why I have to deal with this. Contradictions are the story of my emotions. I truly see the both sides of things so much of the time, and I really want to see diabetes as a means to a healthier life, not a mystery that burdens my days. (OK, I realize I'm repeating myself, but this is my blog and I can repeat myself as much as I would like.) Last night Greg and I were having sing-a-long time driving back from Louisville. Sometimes it's hard to find music we both want to listen to in the car. (Actually, he wanted to listen to the Giants-Padres baseball game...um, who cares. They both play in California, and do I really want to hear about Barry Bonds hitting another homerum? Although I don't think he did last night.) Anyway, we listened to Bebo Norman, an artist on which we agree. I've listened to Bebo hundreds of times, and Katie and Aaron even played one of his songs in our wedding. Last night one song really put how I was feeling into perspective for me, and I think Greg too once I told him Bebo's word summed it up: I got a little hope in my pocket Want to share of it with you Just be careful that you don’t drop it Don’t worry if you do ‘Cause I’ve got broken down inside me And I might just need some help But I will get by Hey, hey And I’ve got demons in my history Got bone beneath my skin I’ve been taken by a mystery Yes I’ve been taken in And sometimes voices down inside me Try to fight me for myself I will get by Hey, hey ‘Cause what have I got to live for There is nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning It’s burning me up I’m alright I used to think love was just a barter Second hand coincidence What doesn’t kill you just makes you harder So I use my common sense Keeping cold to keep my distance Till I tuck my pride away I will get by Yeah, yeah ‘Cause what have I got to live for There is nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning It’s burning me up I’m alright But I am not afraid No I am not afraid And I will not go crazy I got a little hope here in my pocket Want to share of it with you Just be careful that you don’t drop it Don’t worry if you do ‘Cause I’ve got voices down inside me And I might just need some help I will get by Hey, hey What have I got to live for There’s nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning Burning me up When my heart is hurting I’m learning about love When this world starts turning It’s burning me up I’m alright 
4297: Last night Greg said the second best thing that could happen in the NCAA Tournament is Duke losing. I agree. (The best thing would be Kentucky winning the national championship, but so much for that this year.) Anyway, thanks UConn. And now I'll cheer for Georgia Tech. Greg says he can't cheer for an ACC school. I say, as long as it isn't Duke or North Carolina, who cares. Here's a new word: DELTIOLOGY means postcard collecting. My mom, Cassie and her boyfriend Zac came to visit yesterday. We had a good time. We went to lunch at Applebee's then watched a soccer game on TV. Not very exciting, I know, but we wanted to see Freddy Adu play. Then we watched some of the Georgia Tech-Oklahoma State game. Greg was cheering for Oklahoma State, well, maybe more so Eddie Sutton. My mom said there was no way she could cheer for Eddie Sutton because "he left Kentucky in a probation mess and came out smelling like a rose." When Georgia Tech won, she said, "Take that Eddie Sutton." Pretty funny. And I agree with her. Then we went to eat dinner at Tom's Grille. Cassie and Zac headed back to Clarksville and the rest of us went to David and Jennifer's for Dumplin's strawberry cake for Nana's birthday. I didn't eat as many carbs at dinner so I could have some cake. It was so yummy, and I guessed correctly because my blood sugar didn't go up. That's a moral victory for me. Anyway, then we came home and finished watching UConn beat Duke. My mom stayed here last night, and that's only the second time we've had an overnight guest. I hadn't seen Cassie in about a month, so it was fun to hang out with her. She's really one of the funniest people I know. It was also the first time we've seen her and Zac since Murray State beat Austin Peay in the OVC Tournament. It was nice to talk about that. Although, they enjoyed hearing about how the only four players Mick Cronin has recruited since he's was hired about a year ago have been arrested -- all in the last past month. I woke up at 7 this morning. That's alright, except it was really more like 6 because we lost an hour last night, thanks to springing forward. Time zones and time changes are a mystery to me. I don't really comprehend it. Yet, somehow, I prefer the eastern time zone, especially in the winter.
4307: I've talked with (or e-mailed) four people today about Survivor. It's funny to me that everyone has a different idea of who should win or who is playing the game well. I have to admit, Boston Rob cracks me up. Usually he's an egotistical guy who thinks he owns the game. But, still, he's hilarious. And he loves (um, maybe loves...) Amber. She's alright, too. But together they are pretty funny. I just wonder how much of their relationship is genuine and how much is a strategy to try to win a million dollars. Anyway, last night on the show, the tribes were mixed up, except the weren't really mixed up. The pulled new buffs out of a jar and ended up just reversing tribes. Except Amber, who was shuffled to the other side to even up the teams. So, Boston Rob and Amber are split up. And it appeared to break Rob's heart. How sweet. I mean, he's going to live, it's just a game. He said he didn't care if the other tribe was living at his former camp with his stuff, but he did care that the other tribe has his girl. Sweet in a Boston Rob way. So, I'm rooting for them. And I hope there's still some spark for them when the game is over. Amber could have easily been voted out last night, but instead Jerri went. And that's fine by me. I got an email about trees and birthdays today and some strange connection between the two. For certain birthdays, certain trees and their descriptions were associated. My birthday is a month from tomorrow and here's what the email said about me and my tree: Poplar Tree (the Uncertainty) -- looks very decorative, talented, not very self-confident, extremely courageous if necessary, needs goodwill and pleasant surroundings, very choosy, often lonely, great animosity, great artistic nature, good organizer, tends to lean toward philosophy, reliable in any situation, takes partnership seriously. Interesting.
4377: I like that this profile thing on here tells me that I've written 79,760 words in my blog. Although I guess that's ... 79,782 now. Anyway, I'm glad it's Friday. It's been a busy, busy week at work. And I'm not really complaining about that because not only does it make the work day go faster but I also will have a nice bit of overtime on my paycheck. Yesterday Eric was gone to a meeting or something in Frankfort, so I had to put out the paper in the morning. I was a bit nervous because that's not my strength in this job. But, I have to say, it went much smoother than I expected. And the front page looks alright. Mission accomplished, I suppose. I'm looking forward to a weekend hanging around here... Play cards. Grill out. Yard sale. It's about the simple things in life, really. I don't know if anybody cares, but the diabetes update would be it's been a really good week. My blood sugar levels have been consistently good and I actually had to eat a cookie this morning because my blood sugar was slightly low. Not that low is a good thing, but it's a change from the high-causing headaches. And because it was only slightly low, it was easy to fix. 
4427: ...at work on a Monday morning but wishin' I wasn't. Work is alright, and most days I even like my job. But I worked 47 hours last week, including more than 12 on Friday and just a bit on Saturday. Then Greg and I went to Louisville on Saturday afternoon. My aunt Kim from New Jersey was in town for the weekend, so it was fun to see her. She's my mom's sister and they two are quite funny together. The older I get, the more I act like them. Mom cooked dinner for everyone -- Poppy, Kim, Greg and I, Cassie and Zac, Kevin and Laine -- Saturday night. And Milla entertained us. She's the most beautiful girl, and such a well-behaved baby. Saturday we did some shopping (I got a few things for my upcoming vacation...) and then ate dinner at Buckhead. Yummy. We also got some Krispy Kremes. I hadn't had a doughnut since January. And while I shouldn't eat them all of the time, it's nice and tasty every now and then. I think I might become addicted to Law and Order. Speaking of shows that are on every night of the week, tonight CSI: Miami goes to New York to introduce that new group. I might have to abandon Horatio and the others if the New York CSI is better. As much as I love TV, I don't need to be so addicted to it. That's part of my personality, though. Like that makes it OK. 
4467: All weekend I've been making mental notes about what I wanted to write about on here... First, I spent several hours Friday night at a party thing for John, Greg's youngest brother. He graduated Saturday from Murray State. Greg's family is incredibly sentimental, which is the complete opposite from my family. Anyway, they make events a lot of people take for granted special. Sweet, yeah, I suppose. But sometimes I just feel out of place because it's so foreign to anything my family ever does. During the get together Friday night I thought about how I'm really in the middle. I'm not either of our families' extremes, and that's probably why I can get along with both sides. Plus, I'm a people-pleaser and perfectionist, so I try to hard to keep the people I love happy. Peggy put together a video chronically John's life, but that of course included video of Greg. They were the cutest boys. It's fun to look back on the part of his life I don't know first hand. I also reminds me that Greg's heart is deeply rooted in solid values and he's going to make a fabulous father -- one day. Saturday was a busy day. We watched John graduate then went to lunch with Greg's family. Greg's Little League team played back-to-back games in the afternoon. I watched the first one but opted out of the second because I was sunburned and frustrated with high blood sugar levels. I covered a fund-raiser for Ken Winters' senate campaign Saturday night. That's alright, though, because some of my favorite Republicans were there. More Taylor family time on Sunday. After church, we met his family at Ryan's, maybe the worst restaurant in Murray, for a Mother's Day lunch. There were 18 of us there, counting baby Elijah, and I'm sure the loud voices annoyed those smaller parties sitting in the same room. But we had a good time. I had my moments of productivity with laundry, dishes and grocery shopping. We also went to see "Laws of Attraction." It was cute. Divorce lawyers falling love has a bit of irony to it. I also wanted to write -- solely for therapeutic purposes -- about my perfectionist personality and how that is a blessing and a curse with having diabetes. But that's not news to anyone. The mystery is why I can't let go of some of my anal retentiveness and realize I don't have complete control over my body. I can be disciplined, thanks perfectionism, with this disease, but there are still going to be so-called bad days. I freaked out, yes, again, Sunday morning. I used to think being in a dark forest by myself was the scariest situation, but this far surpasses that. I was babbling about the possibility -- I should emphasize POSSIBILITY -- of having health problems when I'm older because my body is more vulnerable with diabetes and Greg put it all into perspective for me. He said he was more worried about me driving myself crazy by the time I was 35 than having heart or kidney problems when I'm 70. He's right, I let it dictate my mood way too much. I need to relax and have faith that I will learn and change and be a stronger person because of this. Alright, I'll keep my Survivor comments to a minimum... Rob didn't technically get the million dollars, but he has the girl who did. I'm glad they weren't totally playing each other as they played the game. Their flirting and alliance was strategy in the beginning, but in the end he proposed on national television while she wore a shirt proclaiming her love for him. Ah, how sweet. It's a game, totally, but people's emotions do become involved, and that's why the show, particularly this season, was so appealing to me. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/317581.male.26.Technology.Scorpio.xml:
2833: alright, I know you're sick and all, but take the damn onmouseover open window command out of the code. It's pretty annoying, in case you couldn't tell. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/322624.female.17.Non-Profit.Virgo.xml:
4202: It's alright D. chillies yo. go hang with ya guy and get better ^^
4749: I need white out. damn. I did a short lil comic! yay for kim (a made in 25 minute comic mind you) boo for kim (shut up!) Anyway, I have an idea for a shortie (btw, anyone want to submit ideas for a shortie comic? you only get three squares though. One Day at a random movie theatre... "We are the pirates who don't do anything (Kim: shit) and blah blah (doesn't know the song > Dest: Arg! We are pirates! We're here to steal ya bootie! David: Bootie? where? *searches the crowd) TK! I want- TK: NO! Kim: *at the ticket window* 5 for Pirates of the Carrybean! TK: it's Caribbean. Kim: I care? We got tickets! TK: ... David: alright then lets go! Dest: Wait! TK: Now what? Dest: *looking between Conner and a cardboard cut out of Legolas* TK: You want us to steal that for you? Kim: Yeah, TK can hide it up his shirt like that last time (TK! LOL that was so funny!) Conner: i think they'd notice. Dest: ... Dest: ... Dest: ... Kim: Oh for the love of-! *BAM!* Conner: *Is now stuck with his head where legolas' head used to be* oww... Kim: now can we go? Dest: yessh ^^ End. :p 
5812: alright, i'm here and i have an anoucement- well, two for kim- i'm going to begin my campain for school-wide domination. it's a small step torward global rule and it shall temporally quench my thirst for power! and this anouncement is just for kim seeing as how she wasnt at lunch today- we're going to take over thanksgiving and christmas (and whatever other holidays are in there) and oct 31 - dec 25 shall be the new and improved halloween!!! MWA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!! yea.. so i'm open to any and all ideas for how to take over the school. i have a plan or two, but could always use more. GIMMIE! i thank thee 
10462: Huh? I didn't get a call about Baltymore. T__T Anyway, I guess that was alright since I went to go see the Passion today. I cried and clapped at the end. Me and one other person clapped, and for some odd reason my mom made me stop. o 
11960: *looks around sheepishly* I'm usually the one bugging people to go to blog, and here I leave and everyone (almost...) posts. X.X I confused. I hope your feeling better Gnome. Kim isn't. Kim has a cold/allergies. I love the outdoors but... I'm allergic to everything out there! I'm allergic to my ferret, my dogs, my not mine cat, my carnivorous iguana, my bird who somehow still alive, my... I dunno what else but I'm allergic to it! I'm allergic to my english paper. Yeah, that works. Anyway, servants? ...can they be nekkid stripper servants who have to strip while holding the tray of alcohol? ...wait, they're already nekkid... They'll have to figure how to be nekkid with clothes on! XD Picture: click here Caption: Connurf: *mumbling* zzz...umn...carnival..zzz..3 tickets to ride...zzz... *grins like a maniac* So yeah, I would go work on a gallery but... the pics are on that other computer which my bro is currently on. So I shall work on that later. Snarky Out. *sneezes hard and the chair falls over with a bang* ...oww...I'm alright... *cough* ...I'm going back to bed...oww... ( 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/324114.female.46.Consulting.Capricorn.xml:
2315: Okay, here's the scoop. If everything looks a mess right now...........well that's because it is! But actually it's alright with me, as I was planning an overhaul anyway. New name, new concept, the works. Please bear with me, because my web design skills are just as suck-ass as before. So, for the 2 or 3 of you out there that ocasionally read this stuff, thank you for bearing with me, the incompetent one. Peace.

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/324909.female.25.indUnk.Libra.xml:
559: What a wonderful weekend Jae and I had. Jessica, one of my best girl friends drove down from Philly&nbsp;with her BF Mark and spent the weekend with us. They got in on Friday night, a bit later than expected because of some heavy traffic they hit in Maryland. As soon as they arrived, we made them some martinis and we had cocktails while getting ready to paint the town red. We&nbsp;had&nbsp;tapas and cocktails at Europa, this great little mediterranean restaurant in Shockoe Slip. Ran into one of our friends, Terry, who is this really funny crazy/crazy plastic surgeon. Afterwards, we went to&nbsp;an Irish pub, Sine (pronounced Sha-Nay) for post dinner drinks. Ran into Terry again. After checking out the scene and talking to some random club/bar called&nbsp;RichBrau. It was pretty cheezy, but&nbsp;a lot of fun.&nbsp;Needless to say,&nbsp;all four of us were hungover&nbsp;the next morning, but we had to haul ass cuz we were throwing a BBQ at 2. After some of Jessica's mad drama at the grocery store (haha) Jae and I cooked up a storm, making Korean potato salad (mm), Korean BBQ short ribs that were marinated 48 hours prior to the bbq; Apricot/Ginger glazed Chicken; Prociutto wrapped asparagus; rice; Baby Spinach salad with cranberries and sliced almonds and HUGE watermelon. It was, as Mark said "quite a spread, and tasty too!" (damn brits haha) But surprisingly, it was all gone. It wouldn't have been, but Jae's friend Lawrence (aka Evil Spirits Guy) showed up last minute, after driving 2 hours from DC to eat. He literally ate and ran.&nbsp; Jae told me later that he had to drive 6 hours total cuz he got lost and hit traffic on the way back. Damn. 6 hours for BBQ... he musta been hungry. heh. Played beach volleyball and fucked around in the nasty green pool all day. It was a lot of fun. That night, Terry joined us 4 to have dinner and drinks at Banditos , this cute little restaurant/bar/club. Jess and Terry are frighteningly similar. It's as if they are the same person. They were both telling bad jokes, doing the "jazz hands" and saying "Fo' Shizzle!" all night. It was hilarious. And Jae picked up on our 3 sayings that will get you through life pretty fast.&nbsp; It was funny because he&nbsp;kept saying them wrong and in the wrong context, but by Sunday Morning brunch, he had it down.&nbsp;They're pretty funny, we took them from old hip hop songs, and have decided that they fit in response to any context: 1. "If you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready" 2. "Hey, it ain't easy being sleazy" 3. "It ain't ice cream without whipped cream" Jess and I tested it during the bbq, and any of these 3 phrases will answer even the toughest questions. Our personal favorite is this: "Does this outfit make me look fat?" 1. "Hey, it ain't ice cream without whipped cream... clearly you know that" or 2. "If you stay(ed) ready, then you ain't gotta get ready" or 3. "Obviously, you know it ain't easy being sleazy" -- Banditos was playing some awesome music that night. I knew that when "Poison" (BBD's version) came on, it was game on! By the time that "Wild Thang" came on, Jess and I were almost post-orgasmic. After banditos, we went to the starlight cafe, which is this cute little dive bar. There was this fight that broke out, and we were all wasted. Went back to Banditos and some random girl asked Mark to take a picture with her, (he's a good looking guy) because "my tattoo matches your shirt!!" That was pretty comedy. Sunday morning we were drained. Jess and Mark took off after we had brunch at Tara Thai and hit the Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale. Before leaving, Jess and Mark gave me this really thoughtful graduation gift.... i was taken aback because I really wasn't expecting anything. It was too sweet. -- Seeing Jess really made me depressed on Monday because I realized how much I miss her while in Cali. Its hard finding good friends that you really, REALLY like, with no pretense and no harm or foul. She's one of those girls that I can totally be down with, without her pulling passive aggressive shit, or pretending to be superior to hide her insecurities. There is no snottiness with Jess, she doesn't think she's too good to act like a dork&nbsp;or thinks its immature to do "spirit fingers" with. At the same time, she knows what's good in life, knows culture, so when she is snobby, its totally warranted. On top of all that, she's&nbsp;crazy-wise, she can hold a philosophical talk and have deep conversations whenever....&nbsp;She makes me feel at home.&nbsp; Its hard to find girlfriends like that cuz girls are too fucking concerned about what other people think and are too insecure to really let go. My favorite quote of the weekend was "You know THAT couple... some of you are with THAT couple." Oh. .. I know THAT couple alright. ;) 
603: I had a freaky dream last night, some of it in a blur, but I'm gonna try to re-cap it as much as possible. It was kind of weird because sporadically through the dream, I found myself taking the persona of different characters and being able to see through their eyes. -- I was in this very happy relationship with Jae, very much in love. But there was some things that didn't sit well with me, because I would notice odd things. Jae wasn't a doctor in my dream, he was a "rug salesman," working for a very strange Persian man. He was tall, thin and sinister looking with a huge nose. So whilst I know this, for some reason, I took on Jae's perspective and receive a phone call from the evil Persian man, who tells me I have to kill Julie (me) and I (as Jae) am at odds because I don't want to kill Julie because I'm really happy with her. I am at this weird juncture where the guy told me if I don't kill Julie, he will kill me, and will kill Julie anyway. In a weird fucked up logic, I decide I'd rather kill Julie then let the mob kill her, and on top of that its my own survival that's at stake now. So knowing that, I'm back to being me (Julie) and I am playing air hockey with my twin sister (who doesn't exist in real life) and I am getting annoyed with her because she is learning it on this mini table next to the actual table and flirting with Jae who is teaching her how to play. So they both come to the actual table and the clock is almost run out at this point. At the last second, they get the puck in and the clock goes off, indicating they've won the game. I'm pissed off because they caught me off guard and wasted the timed game. They are giving each other high fives and cheering. My twin sister is a bitch and she gets bitchier in the dream. She knows it bugs me when she flirts with Jae so she gives him a big hug and kiss, all while looking at me with a snide look on her face. Pissed off, I venture off into the mall and feel as if someone is following me. Its very odd. I turn and notice a guy is following me, and he is carrying a gun. I start running, and run out of the mall and run towards my old neighborhood. I see Chris Aquino outside of his house and I mouth the words "help me!!!" I stop in front of his house and out of breath, attempt to explain what's going on. A bunch of people from junior high are there with me, Caroline Ibasco being another familiar face (it gets weirder, trust me). So Chris tells me to duck into his house and his dad is talking to me with a Filipino accent. I can't really understand what he is trying to tell me, so I just wait in the house until I know its safe. I'm back to being Jae. Julie's twin sister and I are walking around the mall, looking for her, and all the while I have this pressure to kill Julie. I know I have to do it and just don't know how I am going to go about it. I really don't want to kill her. I look over at Julie's twin sister, who the mob doesn't know about. She is remarkably the biggest bitch I have ever met. And it hits me, I can kill Julie's twin, and play it off as if I've killed Julie. At this time, my cell phone rings, and it is the Persian guy, telling me that I have to kill her or they are going to do it for me. I tell him I'll take care of it and hang up the phone. I'm Julie again, and wondering where the hell Jae and my twin are. I get sick of hiding so I leave the house and cautiously walk back home. My twin sister is there, and we get in a fight. I tell her to leave my boyfriend alone and to get her own. I head over to Jae's apartment and find him half drunk and distraught. I ask him what's wrong. He tells me everything, how he got involved with the mob, and how they want to kill me. He is holding a gun, and with shaking hands, points it at me, tears rolling down his face. I start crying, pleading him not to kill me. I tell him we can run away. That we can get awa from the mob. Amidst my pleas, there's a gunshot, a blast (I swear, I jumped in my sleep at the sound) behind me. I look over, he didn't shoot me. I open my mouth to speak. He hushes me and drags me out of the apartment. We get into his car, him not letting me speak. I figure out at this moment that the apt. and the car must be wired. I sit in silence as we pull up to a dock. Jae opens his door, slams it, comes around to my side and does the same after pulling me out. He fumbles around for a bit and whispers in my ear to be calm and that everything will be alright. From this moment on, I realize that I am pseudo-dead. In a strange way, I know that Jae killed my twin sister in lieu of me and that I must take on her persona. I try to do it, but its very difficult because we were very different. She was a shallow and superficial bitch. Jae and I are driving to a party. I am no longer Julie, but Jackie. We never really talked about it, but lived our lives out as it were before, only now I'm Jackie, not Julie. Because his car and apartment were wired, I could never really talk about it to Jae. Strangely enough, I still trusted him. The dream ended with me in the car, looking at him and wondering if the mob would find out that he didn't really kill me and what would happen. A flutter of fear went through my body. -- I remember the strangest details from my dreams, and of them was the fact that Jae drove a white ML400, the classic Korean Mom car. what a creepy ass dream. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/449628.male.34.indUnk.Aries.xml:
29803: Directions We're planning to have a couple friends from church over a week from tomorrow. They each needed directions to our place. The woman subsequently emailed me and the other guy directions to her place. And, just for fun, the other guy emailed us directions to his place! Yeah, we're a goofy bunch, alright.
34607: Discovery Health Channel: Depression Touches 30 Million Americans I am one of them. It's not just the seasonal blues of time marching on either. I take Lexapro and Valium to help with the depression and anxiety. I've used this blog and others as a forum to journey inside my mind. The more I know about what the triggers are, and as I keep up with the medicine, things go alright. I've also been fortunate through this forum to meet many others with similar struggles. The world is not that large. By the way, I'm a trained professional bartender, which I suppose means that I've become an amateur psychologist as well. So, if you have any thoughts you would like to contribute, please do. Bar's open.
39636: News from the Home Office There is a lot to report on, so, without further ado, here we go! Reading is Fun! I've updated my reading list via AllConsuming.net . You can check out what I'm currently reading at Dan's Domain . There is one book I'm reading that is not in the AllConsuming.net database as of yet. That book is entitled Crime in the City , and it is edited by Martin Edwards. It features short stories with the theme of big-city crime. This collection was sponsored by the British Crime Writer's Association. He Loves to Play Guitar! One of my goals in learning the acoustic guitar is to be able to sing along with it. Since I first started in December of last year, I have longed to be able to put something together that has some meaning. Folk songs, children's songs, church songs, even the blues. That's why I was so encouraged to find the tabulature (that's guitar-speak for the fret-string positions) for a great blues riff. It's almost as good as having B.B. King here to teach me! She Ain't Heavy, She's My Daughter! Last Saturday morning, Keisha, Jake (our dog), and I went to the field near where we live for a walk and some outdoor play time. I had the idea that Keisha and I could race between two markers. I went first. When it came time for Keisha to go, she resisted. I offered to hold her hand and run with her. We took off, but Keisha soon decided that it was too much for her. She tried to let go, but I clung to her coatsleeve, and then she fell to the ground. Eager to develop the fighter spirit in her (i.e., the resolve not to give up so easily), I bent down to pick her back up. Immediately, I felt something "pull" in my lower back, and I knew I'd made a big mistake. I rounded up Keisha and Jake, and we headed home. I applied some topical ointment (not Ben-Gay, but something similar) and sat on a heating pad. Both of these seemed to help. Which reminds me that I need to tell you about... It's not really a McJob I had my first night of training at my new part-time job Saturday night. I manned the bun warmer. This task, of course lent itself to several double entendre type remarks: "Here's your buns! They're nice and toasty!" "Hot, steamy buns! Yours for the picking!" During my break I caught a few minutes of Forrest Gump, which aired on ABC. As a result, I broke into my Forrest Gump routine, talking in my best Gump-ish voice. That seemed to entertain my coworkers. There was that remark about whether my being around the grill had affected me, though... Nevertheless, I helped the crew to close the place, and I made the 20-minute jaunt home. Which reminds me that I need to tell you about... Sleepin' In On A Sunday Mornin' Jennie and I forgot to set our alarm clock, so we wound up waking up when it was too late to get to church. I guess it happens from time to time to everyone. I really wasn't in any condition to go anywhere, though. My back was feeling the pain in a major way. I wound up calling in sick to work, letting the shift manager know that I'd be going to the doctor on Monday. Which reminds me... Papa called the Doctor, and the Doctor Said... Jennie needed Mom's car on Monday, so I planned to catch the bus to my doctor's appointment. I headed downtown and bought a monthly bus pass. Then I grabbed several bus schedules and headed toward the bus stop. I had never been on that particular bus before, so I was naturally confused when the driver took us way past where the doctor's office was. After conferring with the driver, I realized that I could have gotten off a half an hour earlier and walked the rest of the way to the doctor's office. Since he was heading back in that direction, that's exactly what I did. I arrived about 45 minutes early for my appointment, and there I stayed, caught between a rock and a hard place -- deciding whether to let the Musak put me to sleep or to continue reading the book I brought with me. The latter won out, albeit not without a fight. Soon the nurse grabbed me, and I weighed in at a hefty 217 pounds. She led me to the examining room. Not too long a young gentleman, a student doctor, appeared. He mentioned that he'd be helping my doctor today. I told the chap what was wrong, and he was able to manipulate the upper part of my back. I felt a little bit of relief. After he left, my doctor entered. He twisted me up like a pretzel (well, not quite) and was able to get the rest of my back realigned. I'm still taking the pain medicine (8-hour Tylenol) for a little while, but the prognosis is good: No more picking up Keisha without proper back posture! Yeah, I'm feeling better. Which reminds me that I need to tell you about... Doctor EverythingWillBeAlright Okay, so I'm being a bit sarcastic or otherwise loopy in this post. I went to see the psychiatrist today. Apparently there was an incident between a patient and him this morning that involved the police, so all subsequent appointments were delayed. I decided to wait in the unbearable heat caused by the faulty HVAC system. I was afraid that the female workers were going to comment about my chest and bellybutton hair, though! (just kidding) The wait was about 45 minutes, and I used the time to catch up with my planner. It was almost like meeting an old friend; I hadn't really used it since last Friday. I eventually saw the doctor, and we talked about stuff that patients and psychiatrists talk about. He was interested in whether the scab-picking had subsided; I told him that it hadn't. The scabs are just hidden by my long-sleeve shirt, jeans, and baseball cap. I also mentioned some depression episodes I'd had over the last few months. There were some really intense times, as I may have mentioned here, that I'd just wanted to die. The doc calls them "passive" rather than active feelings of suicide - i.e., not real, concrete plans to do away with myself. We talked about how the past few years has been for me, how I felt I'd changed over that time. It was really uplifting for me to see how much I have grown, how my perspective on life has changed. I think I'm gonna be alright. And speaking of things that are going to be alright... Bookish voters approve library levy That's the headline from today's Dayton Daily News . As a regular to the county's library system, I am quite grateful that others in the community share my desire to keep the library great. I'd even love to have a part-time job at the library. We'll have to see if they end the hiring freeze anytime soon. Which reminds me of this other money-related story... Dayton market sells $20M Mega Millions ticket The Dayton Daily News also reports: "Ohio Lottery officials said Wednesday that someone bought a winning ticket for Tuesday's Mega Millions $20 million jackpot at the Food City store at 1829 Germantown St." Maybe this person is or will soon be one of my (new) friends...

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/461975.male.25.indUnk.Pisces.xml:
1823: Blinkin heck. footballs alright when its like that
4892: Yeah, he bonked her alright. Where is everybody? Looking back, it seems I spent most of yesterday talking to myself. No change there really... What do I put on the front page of my film website? I demand the answers!

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/463180.male.24.indUnk.Taurus.xml:
620: So I'm trying to get myself a radio station through CKUL. That's the station that we have over here at the university. Now most years it's been alright and there really hasn't been any problem getting time slots. Funny thing, this year it's all nuts. Last year there were people with 3 hour time slots, now the old volunteers have to settle with a 1 hour show, and even then there's no guarentee that I would be able to get any time. That's gonna suck. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/470861.male.27.indUnk.Cancer.xml:
107: Hello to all of my faithful readers. Or maybe just to my faithful friends. According to my site meter...I have had over 150 hits so far. That is great! Keep it up readers...makes me feel so gooooooooooood. Today has been an average day. Been pretty busy at work and my spirits have been mediocre. Yesterday was just an amazing day. After work, Penelope, Rita and I went for drinks at the West End. I just love that West End. Their drinks are affordable, the ambiance is great, and we have literally made it our second home. We were just going to have 1 or 2 drinks and as usual, this turned into 3 or 4 or 5. Buzzing in the most audacious manner, the 3 of us left the joint to drive to Penelope's apartment. There we commenced with the drinking, smoked a few bongs, and had some laughs. It was really the perfect way to spend a half day off. After this fun, Rita and I risked a DWI and drove back to our apartment in Queens. We got a little sidetracked and ended up somewhere near Flushing. Ok...we didn't end up THAT far away, but we were definitely lost for like 20 minutes. Then next thing we know, we take this random left and are suddenly on the path to our house. Last night the Real World was a repeat. FUCK! I hate repeats. But I shouldn't complain since it is the first repeat that they have shown. But Ugh! How do I wait a whole week to find out what happens to Kerry and Kyle?!?! Okay Joe. Get a grip. Mmmm...I just gripped myself alright. And it felt goooooooooood. That is the second time that I typed: "gooooood" in this entry. And I don't think "goooood" is even a word. maybe it is. What else, what else.... Kelly seems to think that she has more entries in her diary than I have in my blogger. PSHAW Kelly. I counted your entries. You have a total of: 17. I have a total of: a million. Hee. I win. The trophy goes to me. Oh great. Does that mean I have to go out and BUY a trophy now? Like I can even afford that shit. This weekend, Rita has a friend coming. This friend will now be known as Jill. (Great play on names, huh folks?) We are supposed to go to Karaoke. I have decided to quit smoking for a couple days to get my beautiful, tenor falsesetto prepared for my performance. Bullshit. I will smoke a bowl right before we go. And then I will sing "The Joker" by the Steve Miller Band. I have never met Jill before, but from what I hear, she is damn amazing. I am pretty excited to see who this chick is. Maybe I will "do" her when Rita ain't looking. whatever. As long as I get my dick sucked. Last night I called Doug again. I just had to. Rita says that I "have no game" cuz I stalk those that show any interest. HAHA. I don't stalk for real, but if I want something...hells if I am not going to go for it. So I call Doug and leave a message that is like: "Hello Doug. I have called twice now and I am not calling again. Please call immediately or I will fuck you up." Doug ends up calling me back an hour later. I screen the call and Doug says on the message: "Joe, pick up..." Does he KNOW that I am screening? Have I known him longer than 10 minutes in my whole life? Or does he just have this 6th sense that tells him that I am a screening freak? I don't know. Needless to say, I didn't pick up the phone and when I went to call him back an hour later, I got the voice mail. Whatever Doug. Call me again or don't. At this point I don't care. (yeah I do) so much so. This is one of the weirdest entries I have ever written. I am just kind of going off the top of my head. Hope I don't sound like too much of a fuck. fuck. me. immediately. in my virgin ass. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME TODAY?!?!?!? Maybe I am in a better mood than even I realize. 
338: Yesterday was Valentine's Day. I was pretty excited cuz Paul and I have yet to actually spend a V-Day together. It is also his birthday so it was even more special for him to come. We had a wonderful time together. Talking, hugging, etc. However, we went to this restaurant call "Bill's Gay Nineties". Now, according to the title, we thought we were in for a night of quiet, piano-bar style, dinner. I pictured a bunch of old gay men dining. Nope. It was a bunch of old men alright, but they were homophobic and just plain mean to us. Beginning with the coat check lady that stared at me the entire time like I had 3 heads (2 of which had massive deformities). She literally STARED the entire time. Even to the point in which I kept catching her and she would just continue to look in my eyes. She was creepy. Then they shove us in this corner next to the piano player and serve us watered down drinks at $9 a pop. The steaks were majorly overcooked and the owners of the bar (2 old men and this old, fucking pretentious bitch) stared and laughed at us the whole time. At one point I got up to have a cigarette at the bar, and this old fucker (like 75 old) grabs Paul by the arm and says: "What are you doing? Trying to escape on the bill?" or some shit...Paul gets pissed! And rightly so... I finish my cigarette and the bartender makes Paul a drink without even looking in his eyes. He then slams the drink on the counter and walks away. We were appalled. Finally, we were half-way through our meals and we decided that we just had to leave. Paul goes up to the woman owner and says: "You are rude and our steaks are overcooked and we want the check now." The lady glowers at him and is like: "Fine." We get our bill, shoot nasty looks back at the owners, who are still staring at us and making comments to one another. We did tip our waitress well, cuz she was the only one who had any sort of decency. Then we got our jackets and tipped the coat lady one buck, cuz she was a fucking nightmare. On the way out, they have this huge mirror on this display. I gathered every amount of loogie in my throat and spit it all over the mirror. FUCK YOU BILL GAY NINETIES. Clean up a fag's spit. Paul and I did have a wonderful time together. Thank God for that. I fell asleep in his arms at like 11:30pm. He said I sweat my balls off all night. oops. He came on me without me even touching him. Sometimes I can be sexy as fuck. hee. Today is "Pizza Friday". This weekly ritual is something that I created for myself and allows me to start out my weekend on a tasty note. I have to get at least one slice every Friday. Kelly used to eat pizza with me on Fridays, before work. Rita now has some with me usually. But today, the devils (or her bosses - whatever term suits you more) are keeping her late. So no pizza for Rizza. Tomorrow night, Kelly, Rita and I commence to "Urinetown" the musical. We will probably get drinks first and then off to a musical about public toilets. NYC doesn't get any better than this. Afterwords, we will probably go for more drinks. Why does everything in my life revolve around getting drinks? It will be fun to hang with Kelly for once. We haven't seen her all week. It is like she has been away on vacation. Cept that the vacation has been filled with massive amounts of homework, endless shifts at work, and rehearsals for a show she just started. Goodness. She sure is a trooper. And a good girl. Last night, Kelly and her ex-girlfriend Randall spent some time with each other. From what Kelly says they had an amazing time together. I am so happy for her and for the fact that they can be around each other and not kill. That is very difficult to do when you come out of a relationship of 2 years. I know I couldn't do it. They are both being very strong and patient. I am proud of my babies. So...Paul will be here soon. Then Pizza and fun! And maybe it will be a better lunch than last nights' dinner. Only thing that could make lunch worse is if I got punched right in my fag face. HA! 
635: When I walked in the door tonight, I found a note on the table from Kelly. The note said to open up the I-Movie program on the computer and to see what she made for Rita and me. I did. I was not expecting to see what I saw. Kelly put together a 5 minute movie based on film she had taken over the last couple of months. She put a song called "Beautiful" with it. I sat and stared at the movie and during the last 30 seconds of it, I burst into some heavy tears. This "piece" that she put together touched me so deeply that I still don't really know how to take it all in. The movie is supposed to represent what she is feeling right now based on what she is going through. Rita and I haven't seen much of Kelly lately and it has bothered us all. Mostly Kelly. She is alone. She goes to school, work, rehearsal, out with friends; she does homework, goes grocery shopping, baby-sits dogs, and finds a way to make it through her day. The lonliness that she is feeling is consuming her and in a lot of ways I feel like it is somewhat my fault. I haven't been the best friend that I should be lately. I have been living for me and just assuming that she will be alright. I don't check up on her often and I let her go through her day alone. We do have different schedules, but I feel like it is no excuse. She is developing into this person, this adult that I don't even recognize anymore. It seems that when she has a night off all I want to do is go to bed. When she has a weekend off, I find myself in bed until late in the day. I have been absent and it is definitely hurting her. I have been hurting her. And I know it now. I love her in a way that is impossible to explain. She and I have been through lovers, cities, friends, jobs, tears, anger, just about everything together. We laugh at the same jokes, say the same things, give advice in the same way. We even "came out" at the same time. Sometimes I feel like I need to take care of her. It scares me a bit. I am not even good at taking care of myself. I try to tell her to be "independent". I tell her to "just do it and it will all work out in the end". Do I tell her these things because I truly believe it or because I too scared to take responsibility of being her best friend? Kelly definitely needs more to survive than I do. I shut down and move forward. Kelly shuts down and loses everything. She is better than that. She has a heart that won't allow her to ignore the way she feels. She is driven by it, thrives on it, and knows nothing but to go by the advice it gives her; which is to be honest and real. I have a very hard time doing that. I have done some bad things. I have made some mistakes. I haven't been there for her during her time of need and I know that. I ignore it and hope it will just fix itself. But that is so wrong. It is immature. And mostly, it is selfish. The worst part about it is that my actions have caused distance between her and myself. It has made her believe that she is alone in the world and that she must learn this lesson to live in the world. This is what I believe. But this isn't who she is. I know better than that. I have known her forever and I know what she needs as a friend. I feel awful. It shouldn't take something like an I-Movie to wake me up and realize what I have done. I know that I am not the answer to Kelly's problems. I am not the one that can make it all better. Only Kelly can do that. But I can listen. I can be there physically for her. I can be the friend that she thought I was. I still am that friend. But I have focused on me. Too much so. Kelly will get through all this. But how frustrated and upset will I be when I realize that she can do it without me? I don't want that. I don't want her to succeed without me holding her hand. I want to be there to support her in everything. I want to know everything that is going on with her and I want to be able to look at her again and know what is going wrong without even having her open her mouth. I apologize Kelly. For not being the friend that I can be. I am sorry for distancing myself, cuz we both know that you didn't do it. I did. When I get back this weekend from my "mini-break", things are going to change. I promise you that. We will make time for us. Even if it just means sitting in a room and being with eachother. I will still be sitting there. You are my sunshine. You are my heart. You are my light. I see what part of the problem I can fix, and I will do it. Be strong and go forward. Deep down you have all of this together. You have been made to feel alone and that will change. I love you so much and I see what I can do to make this better. Believe in me because I have always believed in you.
1284: So the coolest thing happened at lunch today. I was sitting at the West End (The West End, 2911 Broadway (@ 113th St.), 662-8830 M-Su 11:30am-2am Columbia University hangout (it's 1 block southwest of campus) once frequented by Kerouac. Huge sitting areas inside, with o.k. food served till 10pm. Back room hosts bands every Friday and Saturday for $0-10. Cheap pitchers.) . I ordered cheese fries and a diet coke. The cheese fries came and I ate them, but no diet coke. The waitress comes back to the table and asks how things are...by now I am 30 minutes into my lunch break...I say "good, but I am really thirsty". She looks at the table and sees that not even a water has graced my path since I have sat down. She says: "Chardonnay?" I say: "No, not today. I will just have a diet coke". She's like: "Have a Chardonnay, it's on me." I say: "Well, ok!" She brings me my Chardonnay and I drink it in two seconds. She comes back about 10 minutes later and says: "Another one?" I say: "No, just the bill please." She is like: "Have another one. It's on me". DOH?!?!?! "Well, alright", I say. I then drink the next glass of wine and she brings me the bill. $4 and change for cheese fries and two glasses of wine. YAYAYAY! What a nice suprise. She is the cutest little blonde girl and she treated me so well. What a suprisingly good lunch. And cheap! Almost cheaper than Burger King. Almost. 
2194: Okay, back from my little tantrum. Why does this kid provoke me in such a way? He makes me so fucking angry sometimes. It's like he doesn't know me at all. If you see that I am quick on the phone with you, or that I am being kind of a dick, then maybe you stop for a minute, consider my actions over the last two and a half years, and understand that I am hurt by you. Not angry. Not out for revenge. Just plain hurt. Paul hasn't called for just about a week. (we are one day away from that) I have called him. I even sent him a fucking letter in the mail, which we NEVER do. He never called to say thank you, he never called to see if I was alright, he never even called to talk about the vacation. Last we spoke, I told him that we could talk about the trip during our next big conversation. WELL...I guess now is that next big convo. GOD! He can be so vile sometimes. The feelings that he causes in my heart are so unacceptable. He makes me want to drop him on his ass. And hard. I am not saying that this is the mature way to deal with it or that I even want to do that at this point, but conversations like we just had prove to me that: a) You ain't moving here, cuz even long distance you don't miss me enough to care. b) You are a fucking moron that has just about NO social interaction comprehension. c) You are a lot of fucking work and in a lot of ways, don't give me nearly enough good to compensate for it. Damn. Damn damn damn. Why do I ALWAYS give him the benefit of the doubt? Why do I always develop that pit in my stomach that misses him so deeply?? Why? WHY? why? :( God...I just love him so much and he just puts me through the ringer over and over and over and over... and I always come back for more and more and more and more... MAN. Love aint easy...and what's even harder is being in love with an idiot. I actually called him back after our fight, cuz I hate leaving things bad. (even though I was the one that hung up on him---hee) So I call him back and I am like: "Do you want to talk for a couple of minutes?" He says: "Yes, but I am in the store. I will call you when I get out." It has been about 45 minutes since that call and no sign of him. DICK! I don't take 4 hour lunches! Fine. If he doesn't call me than sobeit. He can deal with Mariah moving out on his own. He can deal with his surgery pain on his own. He can deal with his sadsap lonliness on his own. And you know what....keep this up Paul...and you can drive all the way here in your fucking UHAUL next week and you can call me and call me....but I won't show up at Mariah's until you are gone. Hurt me again fucker. Hurt me and then deal with the fact that you just keep pushing me away. :(
3954: I am sitting here right now, supposedly working on my theater resume and cover letter, but I got bored. Kelly and Rita are watching an Oscar nominated movie called Amelie . IN FACT! They just yelled at me saying the following: "VIVA LA FRANCE! YOU MAKING ME MISS THIS MOVIE!" Ok, Rita said that. Not Kelly. But Kelly loved that Rita said it...I just know it! (picture me with a "curses" face on) I just can't stop interrupting. They are watching a good movie and I want to watch a good movie. But work comes before play, AND the movie is in English subtitles, so I sit here and putter away until I go to bed. Which is soon, cuz Paul and I have to talk tonight. Things are getting a lit-tle out of hand at this point. He is obsessed. He thinks I am going to break up with him, so suddenly he is calling all the time. And when I say all the time, I mean, he called tonight at 5:50pm to "make sure that I got home alright." Um. It's weird to me and actually, this time it's not working. My brain is in overdrive and I can't sort shit out. I feel confused. I NEVER feel confused. I am a man of action. I always have a plan. I even schedule every moment of my evenings, minute by minute. Ask Rita. So I don't know what I think right now. What I do know is that: 1) I need to hook up with some big men and soon. Did I say fucking soon? cuz I mean like now. While you are reading this. 2) I am really going to jump into this acting thing, and although Paul supports it now, I know for a fact that he won't support it when it takes off. He is a jealous person by heart and it does factor into our relationship. Quite often. I won't have time and he won't accept that. No matter he says, he will hate me if we break up after he moves to NYC. And now?...of ALL things...he is moving here for him! He wants to live here. But NO he doesn't. I can say "Don't move here." and he still will. I convinced him to convince himself, or will this work, or will, SDKFHJO:ISDIHJFLEIJFS ---------it's driving me fucking mad. Shit. I wanted him here so bad for so long and now it's the reality. I am still in love with him. I feel it. But I also feel extreme doubt. Which, to be honest, I go through alot. About every 6 months. We just got back together in December. So this would be our 8th month that I got a little itchy. Commitment and me = garbage. I gotta figure out a way to get through this. I am no where near the place right now in which I would want to break up with him. It's just all becoming so real, so fast. Wow everyone. I really do have a boyfriend. Look he lives in the same city that I do! uh.... what? So much is changing. SO MUCH IS CHANGING! Sometimes I wish I was one of those lucky, ply-wood personality people (stacey), that just went through their life like it was smooth and easy. Then I wouldn't know that my life is changing. I analyze too much. My brain, as is yours if you are reading this, is fucked up. Too much. Always too much! So I need to relax. I need to write in this journal for therapy (thus having the luxury to explain myself to all of my friends without really saying it...), pray more, and let it go. It all happens the same way anyhow. Craziness. Goodnight. I am worn the fuck out. 
4812: THE BEER IS BAD. NOBODY DRINK THE BEER! that was for you Reets. What up dawgs? what up in the underground? In this case, the underground being this crowd of blogging peoples we got chillin HERRE. What the fuck is wrong with me tonight? You would think that after scrubbing the toilet, scraping goo off the inside of the fridge, completely excavating the buildup that has accumulated inside of our microwave, I would be covered in gunk and ready to die. And you would be half right. Hells if I showered after I cleaned this piece. Who got time fo dat? I got beer to drink. Good beer. Rita likes beer. You see, if Rita were drinking obsessive amounts of beer, as I have been lately, I would sit her down and have this conversation: Rita: “I drink alot of beer.” Joe: “Stop hiccuping.” Rita: “Beers just really good.” Joe: “You should stop drinking so much beer.” Rita: “Why Joe. Why?” Joe: “You could get......addicted.” RAWFULRAWFULRAWFULRAWF anyways... My parents are coming in the morning. They will be here at 10am. Ugh. but yes...10am. I will then show them my newly redesigned bedroom, explain that I am still smoking cigarettes on the basis of “pretend”, and hug and adore them as much as physically possible in the first 10 minutes. My parents... I love em. Big time. I grew up in a very strict, but incredibly fun household. I mean, we all got our past... But overall, I was pretty alright as a child. Since college, my parents have completely opened up to me and have, in the process, become very good friends of mine as well. We will go to the planetarium tomorrow because my dad has always been obsessed with space. He took me to every Star Trek movie, made me sit through hours of DEEP SPACE NINE, and even confided to me one day after an episode of “The Next Generation” that “Jean Luc-Picard is the best Kirk that was ever born.” HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. He is so adorable! After the planetarium, we will grab a bite to eat and then I will take them to where I work to show them where I sit every day and waste away my existence as a non-working actor. It will be fun. And it was my idea. But i am so excited! HAHAHA. I get to show them where I spend every annoying day of my life! Now my mom will understand exactly where I sit when I call her and tell her that I just saw somebody pick their nose and eat it. BOO WAH! Sometimes I tell her better things than that. After we go to my workplace, we will come back to Queens and spend the night getting blasted with my two housemates, Miss Kelly and Miss Rita. We will play cards, laugh, embarrass eachother and my dad will probably tell both of the girls to kiss him on the lips and I will vomit on my self and tell my mom that it’s time for bed. you know, the usual family get together. My mom will give me “the look” around 8pm that tells me to “pack up my bowl” cuz my mama want to smoke some pot!” cuz what? cuz right. My mom smokes pot with me when we get together. She is a fucking cool smoker too. In the beginning she would go crazy in her head and go running around the house vacuuming for 2 hours. But now she is relaxed and even gets bored with it by the end of the night. My mom is very beautiful and concious about her weight, but you give her a toke off a bong and she will eat every m’n’m, potato chip, slab of beef in the place. It’s pretty great. The day will be wonderful. It always is. They love me unconditionally and actually get very excited to spend a day with me. Since my brother is in Germany due to the ARMY, I am all they have. It’s a big responsibility and if it had fallen into my lap two years ago, I would have sunk. Big time. But I was ready to be close to my family. I had come out of the closet to them with very concerned and confused reactions, but they learned to respect me for me. To let me do what I know is best for me. I love em! Welcome to my parents! In other news... I never know how to segue, so it’s always... In other news... So guess what happenend to me today? DUCK! POOP STORY COMING INTO PLAY! You have to understand...the only reason I talk about poop and pee so much is because just about every time someone goes to the toilet in my house, something huge and funny happens and we laugh and laugh. Then I run to the journal and not knowing what else to write, fall back on the only thing that connected deep with me all evening. Poopie stories. LOL and OMIGOD LOL. Poopie? did I really say,........................................................poopie? AHHH...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA i am a gaylord. So here is my poopie story of the day: I was watching Trading Spaces with Rita today and we were eating two slices of pizza. I couldn’t finish mine and ate the rest in installments throughout the episode. Rita swallowed hers whole and said the following: “Joe...there are few times in my life that I enjoy as much as when I eat my pizza.” (OMIGOD OH MAN I AM SHITTING MYSELF WITH LAUGHTER!) she is fucking funny. cuz she meant it. So I “rest my eyes” during most of the episode and I miss the whole boring middle part. I open for the last ten minutes and end up on the couch next to Rita. They are about to show the two couples their new rooms when suddenly I get the most spastic cramp of DIA REAR in my life. I clutch my intestines and go to Rita: “OH NO! I WANT TO SEE THEIR REACTIONS! WHY WON’T THEY JUST SHOW THE REACTIONS!?!?!?!?” Rita says: “Joe, they are boring people, member? It will be a boring scene for all, go to the toilet. And quick.” Joe (writhing on the couch taking fast and incredibly sharp breaths) “But RITA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! IT’S THE ONLY REASON TO WATCH THE SHOW! I HAVE TO SEE THEIR FACES!”and “ouch. this really hurts. wait Rita, you’re not remembering that this really hurts.” I continue to writhe and beg God for fogiveness for treating my body in such a manner, when they FINALLY show the people’s reactions. It was so fucking BORING that I wanted to hold the shit in, get in Rita’s car, drive to Wisconsin and dump it right on their new living room coffee tables. How dare they be boring after what I went through? Hmph. That shit was well earned my friend. well earned. Over the weekend I will do my best to come up with things that are funny besides poop and pee. I don’t know why I won’t let it go. I don’t talk about only that in my real life. At least, I don’t think I do. I will see tomorrow. If I find myself always going back to people’s, you know, people’s pthhhhhhh and pisssssssssssssssssssss then I will realize that I have a problem and will seek medication. fuck counseling. that would solve the problem. latas!
5010: So wow. Everything is changing right before my eyes. I mean, I know that with this journal I am notorious for saying that “things are changing” and that I am due for some sort of comeback within my life. But I feel like this time it’s for real. I know this sounds stupid, but I work at the Gap. I mean, Joe Cuttheshit works at the Gap. Joe Cuttheshit doesn’t work at the Gap. Joe Cuttheshit doesn’t work a second job period. But here I am...trying my best to guide my life into a healthier direction. A life filled with no booze, no slack time, and no life that isn’t anything, but productive. Tonight was my one night off. I am sort of understanding how Kelly feels when she has to work every single night knowing that she can only see her roommates once a week or so... Weird, cuz before I didn’t get that and now I kinda do. Last night, when I found out that I wouldn’t have to work this evening, I thought “FUCKING YES! I can get drunk with Rita and not feel guilty for doing it!” I can earn my night of drinking instead of relying on it. You see... I don’t think that I am addicted ( you could get...addicted ) to alcohol; I think I am addicted to the feeling I get hanging out with my friends while having a few beers on the table. Going into tonight, I knew that this was my night to drink. I knew deep down that it couldn’t be CRAZY and go all night because it’s a Thursday and there is work to do tomorrow, but at the same time, I looked forward to tonight as though it was my own personal weekend. I have to work at my day job tomorrow and at the Gap for just about all of Friday and Saturday. I am used to having one night watching movies and one night going out on the town. Wow. Everything’s changing. I had the most amazing time with Rita tonight. We discussed some very personal issues that are plaguing both of our otherwise perfect lives. Lots of shit has been going on with the three housemates lately and none of it is “journal business” at this point. Eventually I will spill the beans, but for now, the three of us are really finding ourselves in not only the city, but in our personal lives as well. We are learning, very gradually, what our purpose is in this great big world. I know it sounds lame, but it is so tragically true. I count on the fact that those who read my journal understand that this is a journal and that there is so much more going on behind the scenes. It’s focused on what I see in my every day life as well as how I feel feel expressing myself on that given day. So I have just inundated you with non-sequential bullshit, but I think that you understand my freeverse. tangent. whatever. I love my Rita. In a way that would make a grown man cry. A big hairy trucker grown man even. I don’t wax philosophic nearly enough about her. At this point in my life, I find myself as a cojoined twin. Siamese baby if you will. Rita and I work together, come home together, go out together, have the same friends, watch movies together, buy underwear together, and even call out the fact that we are at that moment taking our daily shit. It’s a little bizarre and somewhat cartoonish at the same time. I am constantly writing in here about the levels that Kelly and I are conquering, yet Rita remains a complete mystery. All that is ever said is that she is funny and likes BBQ and got me hooked on this journal. But in all reality, she is ties it all together. Kelly and Rita serve very different purposes in my life. Kelly knows me in one way and Rita knows me in another. Both of them are one of 8 people that mean the world to me. 8 people that comprise my entire existence on this planet. If all of them were to die in some freak ridiculous accident, I would be forced to kill my own person, because I would have no one. I don’t think I need to explain who these people are, because that would make this even that much more staged and cliche, but I do need to say that yes Ari, I consider you one of these 8 people. ***DISCLAIMER---IF YOU ARE NOT ARI FEEL FREE TO SLIP THIS PART ENTIRELY*** You are my NYC life. At least at this point. I know you and I have thus begun to understand you. You have taught me so much about myself that I couldn’t begin to thank you. You and I have that relationship where we hate and love eachother so intensely. We don’t fight, but when we do it’s scathing, no matter how it happens. Yet, as personal as these moments get, I find myself talking about you and explaining who you are to people that don’t even know you. You are a huge part of my life and I am so glad tht I have gotten to the point (regardless of age and all of our other society based stipulations) where I truly know who you are . You amaze me. I see through that hard exterior. You know I do. I happened to be talking about you with Rita tonight, as I often do...and I realized once again how integral the part you play in my life really is. So whatever snores. Thank you. You are one of the 8. Please love it. ***DISCLAIMER OVER! DON’T ACT LIKE AN ASSHOLE, I TOLD YOU IT WAS FOR ARI!*** All of my friends serve this incredibly important function in my life. I just wanted to highlight Rita tonight. She started me on this journal. I read hers before she even got here. She allowed me to actually experience it. Cuz see, with Rita...it was never about the site meter. It was about the love of writing. I have tried to put a guest book and comments on my page and while I think that that is totally appropriate for some journals, based on the writers purpose, I don’t think it is right for mine. Rita taught me to write for me and as much as I don’t think that I open up nearly enough in here, I have sessions of writing where I find myself pouring out my soul. So Rita has been the influence of this particular journal. This girl just gets me. She looks at me directly in the eye and before I can even conceptualize the thought of having a bad day, she says to me: “Are you alright?” And I fucking hate that! I always respond with “Yes. Are YOU alright?” Then 20 minutes later I am down and out in my so called Beverly Hills life and I say "Fine, I suck today.". She just knows. She gives great advice, she has a great laugh, and she is the first person that I have spent 18 hours a day with, every day, and never bores me. Tonight, for example, we came home knowing that we were having wine...despite the fact that she battled a headache and post -Billy Blanks Tai Bo - recovery all day. She’s crazy. She also ate an entire bag of Haribo Raspberries today and felt so physically nautious and full of guilt that every sentence began with “Hi, I ate all of the raspberries in my special bag, um...sorry bout that....do you want me to fax that donor opportunity to the president of the board.” Seriously, she made herself ill. And I laughed all day. As quoted by Rita in an email around 11am this morning: “Joe, I made a mistake. I bought a bag of Haribo Raspberries and ate the entire thing just now. Forgive me baby Jesus. I just ate em and ate em and now I am sick.” So I laugh and think: "You weigh 17 ounces and need to have this experience every morning before 11am.” Wait..."You ate that entire bag before 11am?" hahahha please I drink a bottle of pepsi on my way to my shower. BTW...Kelly has been swimming alot lately and has really huge biceps. No, I am not kidding. They are better than mine. Um...do I want Kelly cuz she is a bodybuilder? interesting... So yeah...I started this thing wanting to say how great Rita is and instead I go on and on about how she’s ridiculous. hahahahaha oh. BTW...why am I hahahaha’ing all the time now. It’s not like I am sitting in my chair and literally hahahahahaha’ing? As Rita says: “Stop writing to me in your fake ass emoticon faces.” Okay, she never said it like that (cuz we are polite middle class citizens), but the point was taken. A couple months ago we created nicknames. Hers in Ladle and Mine is Boobie. I know it’s strange and doesn’t make sense, but to us, when it is said...it does. It really does. Everything’s okay if its: “Goodnight Boobie” and in response “Goodnight Ladle”. Truthfully. I am totally satisfied and in some ways personally moved by how wonderful my weekend was. I had tonight and Rita made it the best. We got home at 6pm and sat in front of the television, without it even turned on, and talked for 4 straight hours. Then she had to go to bed. Just talked. My housemates are bomb. They really are. They are my best friends in the world and I defintiely couldn’t have asked for a better people to share this time with. While we all struggle and fall...these are the people that are going to pick you up and (sometimes literally) put you back on your feet. I am lucky. Gosh, after all this, how can I ever write about my life being shit? 
5252: Welcome back to this shithole I like to call my job. The weekend came and went faster than any I have ever had before. I don't understand how it is Monday already. I was laying in my bed last night wondering how it was possible that I had to get up and come to work again today. Luckily, our office is closed for Election Day tomorrow, so Rita, Ari, and I have the day off. How random and wonderful! Tonight, Rita, Kelly and I will go to see The Ring . I had told Rita that I wasn't going to drink tonight, even though we have off from work tomorrow. Then I decided how fun it would be to drink in the movie theater. Great. More useless calories for me! But I'll sleep like a baby. Last night for our family dinner, the three of us made breakfast. We had pancakes, homefries, turkey bacon, omelettes, and lemon water. It was fucking bizomb. I usually hate breakfast, but when it's for dinner...I love it! While we were deciding to have that, the three of us all commented on how our parents used to make breakfast for dinner all the time when we were little. Little and poor. Pancakes are for the cheap. Well, anyway, when Paul called last night, I told him that we were having "Breakfast for Dinner" and he goes: "Awesome. My parents used to do that all the time when I was little." Then this morning, Kelly told her sister, Aly, that we had "Breakfast for Dinner" last night and Aly said: "HAHA. Dad makes that for me all the time." Either we all come from families of hobos or pancakes for dinner is some good old fashioned American eats! Spiderman the movie sucks. So Ari just walked by my computer and noticed "Breakfast for dinner". She loves it too! What is the deal with this world???? Paul is coming into town on Wednesday night. He and I will be going to look at some more apartments. Hopefully we will be spending most of the time in bed, but that kinda depends on how many places he has to see. How nice is it that I get to see him more than once a month? Pretty nice. He called the other day and we had a "normal" talk. Just under an hour later he calls back and I'm like: "What's going on? What's wrong?", cuz he never calls just to call. Paul responds by saying: "I just love you so much". Course my heart melts all over the floor and I go "Shut the fuck up you piece of shit!" Then I slammed the phone down on him. Cuz really...back off! alright...if you believed any of that, then you are too easily convinced that I am a psycho. What I actually did when he said: "I just love you so much" is make gurgling baby noises and tell him that he is my favorite person on the planet. Man. He is the best. The heat is broken in our office building today. It is fucking freezing. My nuts are the size of little snow peas and Rita's hands look like they have been smashed with a sledge hammer. They are purple and twisted. Well, not so much twisted. BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR......................... Oof dah. I have yet to take a shit since BEFORE the Breakfast for Dinner extravaganza. Then I had about a box of candy and a cheese sandwich before I ewent to bed. Then this morning I had a roll with butter. Now I have to go. Kelly said that I am going to have a: Pancakebaconomeletthomefriescandycheeserollwithbutter poop. I think she could be right. Also, just now I kept saying to Kelly over AIM: "Oh you." Then she was like: "Oh me, what?" So I just happend to randomly write www.ohyou.com and she actually clicked on it. When she did, this crazy lady screams: "VERISIGN IS A BAD COMPANY!" She told me what happend and then I clicked on it too. But I didn't realize that she was going to scream it. I thought it was going to be a stupid pop up window. Everyone in the office knows that "Verisign is a bad company" now. OK...horrible story. But the way it transpired was pretty damn fun. Alright fuck you then. 
5967: Do I dare show my face in here? I mean, I have been gone for so long, there is no way that you don't hate me. Ah well. At least I can't see or hear your anger and resentment. I will just pretend as though you don't really feel that way. (snickers) SO HI! Gosh. Where do I begin? So much shit is going down right now and in order to explain it all, I am going to have to do a brief synapsis of each thing. Ok? Ok. Let 'er rip! 1) First, foremost, and most importantly, Rita is leaving NYC, two weeks from Saturday. She has been feverishly looking for a new job/apartment in Syracuse and today she found out that she has accomplished half of her goal. She and her boyfriend, Andy, will be living in what we hope will be a beautiful little house with a white picket fence and maybe a swingset in the backyard. Well, maybe not a swingset just yet...but we can still hope. She has two job interviews lined up for this Friday and if all goes well, she will be employed AND have a place to rest her pretty little red head. So, while she is hastily making plans to move, Kelly and I are doing the same. We have found a charming place right in the heart of Times Square. Can ya believe it?!?! The place is extremely small, but the bedrooms are both a good size and the bathroom is bigger than the one we currently have. The refridgerator? Yeah, it's in the living room. This is the first apartment Kelly and I looked at and we knew immediately that we wanted to jump on it. I mean...it's in the heart of Times Square! What am I? Big and important now??? I don't want to jinx it. Kelly and I are meeting with the landlord today at 2:30pm to sign the lease. God willing, it will all go well. I must admit, the apartment is a bit out of our price range, but I think we have figured out a way to make it work. Please keep us in your prayers. Not only would I be proud to live in this place...our apartment search will be completed. Then we can just stress about moving and that's it! 2) I have been having quite a few emotional breakdowns these days. Kelly had a big attack on Sunday and Rita and I both sat there knowing exactly how she felt. I just think that we aren't ready yet to confront this "moving" thing head on. Paul has been ironically supportive throughout this entire period. I rarely cry with him, but over the last two weeks, I find that the minute he asks me how the "move" is going, I break down into hysterics. Last night he came over to my place to sleep and within 20 minutes I was sobbing about how I can't handle the fact that Rita is leaving. He just sits there saying: "I know" and "We'll get through it". I sit there with tears flowing out of my face. Eventually I just fell asleep with Paul holding me. Tears staining my pillow. (or was that a jizz stain I saw this morning?) I know that Rita and Kelly feel these emotions too. Yet still, I am most concerned about me right now. I have never hurt this bad over someone leaving. Am I going to be alright? 3) I met someone who reads my site! My good friend, Randy, came to NYC last Friday and he met up with Rita, Paul, and I at Jakes for some cheap drinks. I was hella nervous and vomited five times on the subway. Ok, it was invisible vomit, but it still smelled like shit! I didn't know what I was going to think of him and was unsure as to the idea of connecting (in person) with a reader. In any case, the meeting went better than I could have ever imagined. Randy is quite adorable and has the personality of a genius. He made me laugh and more importantly, made me so comfortable with him. As we know, I have about zero gay male friends, and this kid is someone I hope will become my first! He is moving to NYC soon and will be applying to graduate school. I was impressed and relieved to know that my instincts were not wrong about this fella. Randy is amazing and he won the "Rita stamp of approval". Paul, on the otherhand, was a fucking weirdo all night and barely said two words. He sat there like a jealous bitch and couldn't break out of the funk to become a part of the conversation at any point. In the cab, he and I had a little spat about it and I can tell you that he definitely didn't get his dick sucked that night! or the night after. 4) Last night I spent two hours on the phone with Mariah's roommate, Jo. I called to talk to Mariah and two hours later, Jo informs me that she wasn't at home. I have always really liked Jo, but never have the chance to see her. This weekend all of my friends are either busy working or away in Syracuse, so I made plans to hang out with her. We are to have drinks in the city sometime around 9pm. How great?!!?! She is one of the easiest people to talk to and I believe that she truly understands me when I open my mouth. I talked to her alot about Rita moving and she was nothing short of incredible about the whole thing. She let me get it off my chest and she gave me some wonderful words of encouragement. I think I am truly going to enjoy having her around once Rita takes off. I have very few friends in the city that I like to see on a regular basis and Jo is going to be one of them. I just know it! 5) I decided to keep my site the way it is. There will be no password blocking and I am not changing the link. I am doing my best at retaining my restored faith in people, but it is quite a challenge. As long as y'all behave yourselves. You know who you are! winkles! 6) Paul's birthday is Friday. Yes, it's also on Valentine's Day. I get screwed each year! (not like I don't get screwed even when it's not his birthday. To start out the day, I ordered this Aphrodesiac Garden for him. He LOVES plants and LOVES taking care of them. (maybe if I were a garden, he would tend to me a bit better...) This surprise should be delivered to him early in the day. I think he will really like it. After work, I am going to his apartment to take him out to a sushi lunch. After that we will probably have a nice nap and cuddle on the couch. I still have to make dinner reservations for us, but with it being Valentine's Day, I have no idea where we are going to go. Every place will be so crowded and I don't want to make the same mistake I did last year. Click here to read February 15th's entry from last year. Being gay and going out to dinner on Valentine's Day is always a challenge. I just have to make sure that this year we do it right. Fuck you AGAIN Bill's Gay Nineties ! Fucking lame ass old people homophobic bad karma livin douchebags. So we will see! I still gotta go buy him some special little gifts. Please God let him do something nice for me. That's probably it for right now. I'm sure there's more, but right now I gotta get some shit done. BTW, I upgraded to Blogger Pro and then immediately asked for a refund. Be careful folks. You will not get what you wish for. Alrighty...wish me luck at my lease signing!!! If this works out today, I will be very pleased. I can't believe that I could really be living in the heart of Times Square! This location will be so convenient for when I get into my numerous Broadway shows. I mean, I can just walk out of the stage door and into my home in a matter of minutes. (Big sigh) Can I be in a Broadway show now? and boom. 
6253: The Return of Joe CuttheShit! I am lucky. I am lucky to have such a wonderful family. I am lucky to have friends that want nothing else than for me to be with them and be happy. I am lucky to have a boyfriend that loves me more than he loves anyone else. I am lucky to have a brother that makes me proud daily by doing the things I could never dream of doing. I am lucky to be alive. I have had a lot of time to think over the past two weeks. I spent numerous days in bed, staring at the wall. I spent hours on the phone with my parents assuring them that I am not going to kill myself. I saw Kelly’s show and I said goodbye to my brother. There were things that threatened to consume me, but I found a way to barrel through the way I felt. I sit here today, somewhat proud of how well I did and somewhat ashamed that I couldn’t do better. In either case, I am going to write off the last two weeks as a time in my life that I would rather forget. I am hoping to move on and to grow stronger within myself. I am hoping to take care of my depression now, so that I am not stuck in the midst of a crash again. I cringe at the thought of re-visiting last week. The support I received from this website was overwhelming, to say the least. The fact that there are people in the world that would take time to send emails of encouragement, having never met me before, fills me with a restored faith in humanity. I want to thank everyone for taking the time out of their busy lives to make sure that I was doing alright. The few moments of happiness that I had over the last week was in direct relation to the support I received through my site. Thank you. Now, onwards and upwards! Over the last two weeks, Paul has become a boyfriend sent directly from Heaven. He has done all that is in his power to make me smile. I am more in love with Paul now than I ever have been and I feel blessed to have someone like him in my life. Last night, knowing that I said goodbye to my brother yesterday afternoon, Paul showed up at my apartment with a bouquet of flowers and some “take out” dinner. He was the one person that I wanted to see. His smile is so beautiful and when he walked through my door, it took all I had not to jump all over him. As we slept last night, I would wake up to find his arms holding me extra tight. If I moved to the end of the bed, Paul would move too and would rest his hand on my head. I woke up quite a few times to him running his fingers through my hair, or scratching my back with his hand. The tenderness in his touch was exactly what I needed. I’m not so sure I needed the eight pounds of mashed potatoes that I shoved into my face before going to bed, but still… The high in NYC today is 83. The sun is shining with full force and there is a light breeze in the air. For lunch I am going to sit in the park and read the newspaper. I am going to look at the river and allow myself to relax. I will take deep breaths of fresh air and then I will shove a cigarette between my lips to counterbalance the oxygen that I don’t deserve. I had originally planned on buying some fruit for lunch (yes, I know…Atkins doesn’t approve of fruit, but he’s dead now so I can have it) but now as my stomach churns and burns with massive hunger pangs, I think “Shit, roast beast sounds mighty good!” Like I would ever eat roast beast. Well, unless it was covered in cheese. One time… One time I was at the Warp Tour. Don’t ask me what the “Warp Tour” is if you have never heard of it. I think it’s like Ska bands or something. At the time of the concert, I was trying to be cool so I pretended like I was really into Ska. Now I don’t care and am pretty much proud of the fact that Celine Deon’s “I Drive All Night” is my new favorite song. In any case, while I was at the “Warp Tour”, I decided to grab a bite to eat. Kelly was there with me, as well as our friend, Slam. Yes. I know. But Slam is her real name. So we go up to this food court type place and we look over the menu. It’s raining outside and everyone is kind of grumpy. There must be 15 people in line and no one is happy to be soaking wet. Suddenly we hear “SNOOPY WANTS FRIES!” The loud voice made us jump out of our skins. We pressed forward in line with hopes of getting ourselves some fries too. Then again…loud and above all the other noise, we hear “SNOOPY WANTS FRIES!”…….“WITH CHEESE ON IT!” Now we burst out laughing, cuz “cheese on it” and we turn around and catch sight of the guy who is screaming things about “Snoopy”. Lo and behold, this crazy man, has a puppet of Snoopy on his hand and he is acting as though Snoops was really alive. “SNOOPY WANTS FRIES! WITH CHEEEEEEEEEEESE ON IT!”. As he moved closer to the counter, he would twist his wrist so that Snoopy would get more excited about the impending cheese fries. Snoopy had conversations with girls in the line and Snoopy was even holding a 5-dollar bill in his mouth. Probably hoping to pay for the food with his own money. All I remember after that is that Kelly, Slam and I laughed for years. Snoopy wants fries. With cheese on it. Gosh, sometimes you just want to pinch your tits and make sure you are not sleeping…life is too funny. I have a bruise on my left arm the size of a half dollar bill. Numerous people have asked me what it is from and I honestly don’t know. It just kind of appeared. What I didn’t tell anybody is that last night I laid in bed for 10 minutes convincing myself that it was a lesion. My heart started to pound in my chest and instead of worrying about my health, I thought “What am I possibly going to tell my parents!” I guess that’s a normal reaction, but I think that at some point, I gotta stop worrying so much about mom and dad. They have their own lives afterall and all they want is for me to have the same. Interesting dilemma. Dilemma = Kelly Rowlands and Nelly. Boo. AUDI. Peace. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/49663.male.33.indUnk.Taurus.xml:
1629: I'm going to be away from my blog for a few days. Promise me you'll be alright...that when I return you won't have destroyed the place. Keep the partying to a minimum...kay? 
6237: my big gay life [29] Well, here I am two months after my little break-up episode with Dan. I can say that I am thankful for all the friends (old and new) who have leant their support and offered observations, humor and the services of their Uncle Vito should I need a certain someone to "disappear." In any case, it's been a wild and unexpected journey over the past 61 days or so...and I'm glad you were all along for the ride. My life has definitely moved in several other directions away from Dan, and I've met some really fantastic people, like Steve G., Charlie!!, Jody and John. I'm also lucky to have my guys at D.A.S. who love and amuse me on a weekly basis. Okay, enough of that... Last night, my friend John and I went to the Cinematheque to see a screening of Plaster Caster . At first it seems like an intriguing idea...this groupie from the sixties goes around making plaster casts of various rockstar penises. Except, besides Jimi Hendrix, there's no one of note. This documentary chronicles Cynthia's preparations for her first big NYC gallery solo exhibit. Along the way, we meet many of the guys she's cast, and are forced to listen to punishing boring stories for nearly 2 hours. Ack! Avoid this film at all costs! Today, the sun has finally come out of hiding and I spent a good long time out in the yard soaking up rays...I'm so white...it's pathetic! I need color, damnit! Tonight, I'm going to the theatre to see a series of one-acts called All In The Timing so that should be fun. No, go out there and have a terrific day, alright! Go on... get outta here! 
6642: my big gay life (36) I have spent the better part of the week hyper-caffeinated thanks to my good friends at Starbucks . This level of caffeination brings one a certain level of clarity (so I've heard). I've yet to discover it. We're all back at work after our one day respite. I think of my friend Jennie over in the UK enjoying her summer. She quit her job a few weeks back, made a quick trip to the States, and is now back freelancing and sleeping-in a lot. In a recent email, she said that she's been catching-up on her sleep (that's rough) and spending lots of time down at the pub. Huh. That sounds pretty good to me right about now. Let's see, rehearsals have been going well...grueling and often running late into the night. However, we are making great headway and having really way too much fun while we're at it. This week's challenge is to find a cool pair of spectator shoes (black and white wing tips) and to drill the brand-new choreography for Razzle Dazzle into my head. Nothing spectacular going on personally, but that's really quite alright. Oh yes, Miss Kelly returned from her Sabbatical to Colorado...she's in love. She wants to move to the Rockies and marry her a big, burly mountain man. So, in the next few weeks, I'll hopefully be helping her prepare for the big move...she seems so happy and excited by it that I hope she really follows-through with it. Anyhow, back to the daily grind for me. Hope everyone had a happy 4th. Talk to you later... 
9171: where is angelique silva? Today, after a particularly grueling day at work, I arrived home to an odd bundle of garbage strewn about in my yard. It was in the section back near Bridge Court, a quaint red brick alley that runs directly behind my house. At first, I thought the neighborhood dogs had managed to drag a whole trash bag out of the can, but as I approached, it looked more and more like... homework. The bag was, in fact, a black backpack which had been torn, leaving the workbooks and papers scattered around. I don't understand how the backpack came to be there, but I gathered up all the papers and books and the tattered sweatshirt and piled them onto my side porch. The homework papers and quizzes revealed that the bag and its contents belong to Angelique Silva. From the looks of it, Angelique is in 4th or 5th Grade, and is an excellent speller. She achieved a 32 out of 32 on this week's quiz. Nonetheless, I wonder what has become of her, because, by the looks of her belongings...she was either really pissed off, or her bag was stolen. At any rate, I hope she's alright... 
9828: travel sick. So, I am getting ready to leave for L.A. on Wednesday. All I can say is that I'm leaving feeling like there are more than one or two strands undone...things incomplete. I hate that. I have projects at work to shepherd through...things to organize at home and this overall sinking feeling. Typical. I chalk it up to travel anxiety...not fear of travel, but a consciousness of the stresses involved when moving your life back and forth over a period of days and locations. All I can do is brush it off. Once I'm actually in Cali, I'll feel like I can manage all that's left to be managed in Cleveland. But, when I travel for work, it seems things get effed-up more easily. Ads get misplaced, or worse, don't run at all. Articles get bumped from the Sunday Arts section to oblivion and someone somewhere along the way has a complete and utter meltdown because I'm not where I usually am. This, combined with the fact that I will have over 300 emails to deal with, makes me nauseous about work travel. I know, doom, doom, doom! But, truthfully, that's what happens, consistently. So, am I excited to go to L.A.? No. But I am excited to see my friends and spend some quality time, even knowing what'll be waiting for me upon my return. I am not feeling terribly grounded at the moment, so we're talking emotional magnification , baby! I'll be alright. Check me in like, a week. 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/67459.male.34.Arts.Capricorn.xml:
115: I dunno if my Cap Britain made the final cut (geddit? it's a charity deck of cards? oh never mind), but I had originally drawn an original Herb Trimpe Captain Britain which was painted in Water colour. Apparently it sold for £22 and the lineart of the published went for £16. I'm hoping this will show, as I hated the final piece so much I didn't make a copy of it, but, y'know, it's alright... 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/72355.male.27.indUnk.Leo.xml:
601: Must....play....the....sims..... I just had a thought. Yup. All by myself. A whole thought. Oh.... you wanna hear it? Oh, ok. So, I was thinking that if some evil overlord wanted to take over the U.S., he should just buy enough computers for everybody and install the sims on every one of them. Seriously, once that was done, we'd all be addicted and mr. evil overlord could just walk into the white house and declare himself king of the United States. What I find interesting is that the sims is incredibly addictive, but it is essentially a life simulator . I mean, people are playing this game for hours and hours, pretending to interact with their families and friends, instead of ACTUALLY interacting with their families and friends. Do we suck that bad? Are we as a people just so boring and idiotic that we'd rather play with a virtual family instead of a real one? of course, when your real family pisses you off, you can't wall them into a bedroom until they die...... or can you? I've seen houses uploaded on various websites with the description "this is my house". People are simulating their homes in a simulation of their lives while they sit in their real homes missing their real lives. Am I the only one who sees the gargantuan steaming piles of irony here? And there is another problem - even worse than the sims: When I mentioned the evil overlord, I said "he", and I bet nobody noticed. if I'd have said "she", everybody would have been upset because I'm a sexist. and it doesn't even occur to you that there could be female evil overlords... hell, look at cruella de vil, or the wicked witch of the west. What I'm really trying to say is.... hey look - it's my sims cd.... so nice and shiny..... I could probably just play for a little while. yeah, that'd be alright. Just a while...... 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/76211.female.27.Internet.Gemini.xml:
637: Stupid Lori Tricks Guess who was in her elevator last night, on her way up to the third floor....opening up an envelope with keys in her hand, only to drop the keys and have them zoom STRAIGHT down the elevator shaft a.k.a. oblivion? Guess who promptly went down to the carpark and tried to stick her little hand down the shaft to find the keys to no avail? Guess who has NO copies of her new security keys for the building or keys to her actual apartment anywhere except on the the key chain that is now resting comfortably at the bottom of an elevator shaft? :) *Raising hand like the big dork I am* I called the elevator people last night. It would have cost me $350 to have someone come over and get the keys out for me after hours. Then they said it would "only" cost $200 to get them out today. But if I wait for the next fortnightly servicing, they'll just get 'em out for free while they're doing maintenance and stick them in my mailbox. No one has any copies of my keys to get in the building or to my apartment. Doh. This really nice guy in my building who I occasionally say hi to was a doll and he gave me a spare set of the building's new honking expensive security keys. But I can't get into my actual apartment. I rang my real estate agent this morning, to no avail. I'm hoping I can go in and copy their keys to my apartment today or I'll be spending another night at a friend's place :( My agent is notoriously flaky. I'm worried he won't even call me back by the end of the day. I'm gonna have to start the harassment! Thanks to the lovely Reese's Pieces (Kristen) for letting me stay over last night. We had a wonderfully girlie evening, renting a Hugh Jackman movie ( Someone Like You ) and eating raw cookie dough out of the tube. Kristen's flatmate was so funny, "I can't believe you're eating biscuits with a spoon!" I am very allergic to cats, but I took an antihistamine yesterday and again this morning, so I'm doing alright. The company and hospitality received 5 stars! :) The futon was very comfy. I kept having strange dreams though because the cat, Gino, kept coughing up hairballs all night and the retching sound would enter my dreams in various ways. Too funny. In true continuous bad luck form, on my way out to the bus stop this morning, I was walking down the stairs and in an attempt to avoid slipping on these wet garbage bags on the steps, I tried to go around them and walked/fell straight into this metal pipe sticking out of the building. Kristen was in front of me, and was out the door so she didn't have to see my klutziness in action. I just hunched over and grabbed my knee, screaming a silent scream. It was my left knee, my good knee (the one I haven't dislocated twice). I kept thinking of poor Nancy Kerrigan. (“My knee! My knee!”) Her enemy was Tonya, my enemy is me. I regrouped by the time Kristen came out of the newsagent and I sheepishly told her that Klutzo had struck again! We got to the bus stop and the bus was right there! I thought for sure it would take off without me. Quick goodbye hugs to Kristikeet and sure enough, the driver closed the door. Then a miraculous thing happened. He took pity on me and opened them! That never happens to me. I thought the trip from Annandale was maybe $2.50, so I gave him a $2 coin and a 50 cent piece. He looked down and said "It's only $1.50." In my flustered attempt to do exact change, I took back the $2 coin and handed him the $1 coin. Of course as I was giving him the $1 coin, the $2 coin flew out of my hand and landed on his crotch. I was so embarassed! I yelled, "Ohmygod, I'm so sorry! I just dropped $2 on you!" He just shook his head, as if he just knew instinctively that I was a total spaz and silently handed me a $2 coin out of his change box, along with my receipt. I swear my life is a walking physical comedy routine. This is why I think I love Mr. Bean so much. I relate to him. When that crazy crap happens to him in those episodes, I'm like, "Yup, I could see that happening to me!" So, yes, this only adds to my belief that I was an incredibly evil person in a past life and this is karma paying me my dues now by throwing ridiculously funny/inconvenient events my way. If you look at my life, you'll see that nothing REALLY bad ever happens to me. Just a continuous string of little bizarre/annoying things. I now have a huge bump/bruise forming on my left knee, and I am wearing the same jeans, socks, and underwear from yesterday, but luckily I keep deodorant, a hair brush, perfume, lipstick etc, in my backpack and Kristen leant me a nice clean shirt. I bought a little travel toothbrush and toothpaste this morning. The more I think about it, the more I realise klutziness is in my genes. I am the daughter of a man who has broken his nose playing golf where neither a ball nor a golf club was involved, and I am the granddaughter of dear woman, who once managed to break her collar bone playing poker! It's not hard to do the math. Is it any wonder I've dislocated my knee twice or dropped my keys down an elevator shaft? I really hope to be sleeping in my own bed tonight! Come on, real estate agent! Call me back! 
1789: Hey Mom and Dad Come look at the TV screen It's the coolest movie I've ever seen Wicked special effects, a visual delight Smoke and screams and fire with editing so tight You'd swear those were real airplanes On some top secret mission, a heroic flight As long as the good guys kill the bad guys Everything is going to be alright Look at the people running Look at all the people screaming Look at all the people crying Look at all the fireman and police Trying to save all the people from dying I don't recognise any of the actors But they're all so good at playing pretend I don't know the name of this movie But we should rent it from Blockbuster on the weekend I must have turned this on in the middle I don't really understand the plot- do you know who started the fight? As long as the good guys kill the bad guys Everything is going to be alright Look at the terror on their faces Like New York City's all going to burn and stop I'm on the edge of my seat now Let's make some popcorn, with extra butter on top Wow, so many ant-like people, all jumping from the roof While hundreds of others are trapped inside Where's the heartthrob hero? Where's his big gun? As long as the good guys kill the bad guys Everything is going to be alright Everyone's running away now, covered in a thick dust I can't believe how real this seems This film's got to be up for Oscars in everything Best Director, Best Sound, Best Screenplay, Best Editing Incredible, one tower just fell, like some great big house of cards Cool, there goes the other one - leaving a great big gaping hole Who was the genius who computer generated this visual delight? Isn't it amazing what they can do with technology today? Imagine if that really happened? Not that anything like that could really happen Sisters and brothers Fathers and mothers Friends and lovers Sons and daughters Husbands and wives None of them are coming home tonight Thank God it's just a movie As long as the good guys kill the bad guys Everything is going to be alright We miss you, Michelle. 
1843: Kids Today Just a very quick quickie. On Saturday night I did indeed go see iOTA and Ben Kweller (USA). The funniest thing were these cute little teenagers waiting to get into the venue next to us. A boy and a girl. They looked all of 16 but were probably 18. They were so excited, they looked ready to burst. The boy turned to me and said, "Are you here to see Ben Kweller or iOTA?" and I said "Both." I thought his face was going to break from the huge smile on his face. He was beaming. He searched for the perfect response to my answer..."RAD!" he yelled. Hahahahahaha! I was laughing so hard. I have not heard anyone say "Rad!" in so long. Anyway, it was nice to see such enthusiasm - he didn't appear to be on anything either, so yay! We ended up sitting with these little punks, who looked like they were in heaven...more about everything later - I gotta get home to see 24 ! I got my priorities straight, alright! Thanks to the McGuires for actually taking the time to read through my looooooooooooong entries! ;-) 
3022: Death to L.J.H.oo.ker I have this love/hate relationship with my real estate agents. I love to hate them. ;-)&nbsp; So, I pulled a Stupid Lori Trick today. All was going ok, I actually got up after only hitting the snooze button like 4 times (instead of 10!) and grabbed my purse and ran out the door and just as I was pulling my apartment door shut (and locked) I realised that I did not have my keys. Doh! And the friend who had my spare keys for the last year just gave them back to me last week because she's moving further away and will no longer be my key keeper.&nbsp; So my spare keys were also in my apartment along with my main keys.&nbsp; Doh. And for some stupid reason I had taken home my other spare house keys, which were also, useless to me, in my apartment.&nbsp; Doh. I have never actually done this before - I have never left my apartment without my keys before, in 5 years. Which is pretty surprising, considering what a preoccupied flake I can be.&nbsp; Sure, I did accidentally drop my keys down the elevator shaft of my building a couple years ago, but that could happen to any good klutz! ;-) To make things extra exciting, my real estate agents are notoriously unreliable, ridiculous, and stupid. It's always a hassle to get them to do anything, including returning a call.&nbsp; And even more exciting is that Heather arrives from Melbourne tonight and was expecting to stay with me, so it was not fun to send her a message this morning going, "Um, don't panic, but I'm currently locked out of my apartment and the real estate agent won't call me back...." Of course, I couldn't even remember who my main agent was now. It changes all the time. Stupid Melissa is gone, but that does not mean anything. So I got in touch with my main agent, Alex, and he was like, "No problem, let me just make sure we actually have your key here, and I'll call you right back!" 6 hours later, I had still not heard from Alex. I had left 3 messages on his work voicemail and 2 messages on his mobile. Nada! The receptionist wanted to kill me, I'm sure. Every time I kept trying to explain what happened and ask if someone else could just have a quick check on my keys she cut me off and put me through to Alex's voicemail. At 4.30pm, I gave up and decided to just go over there and try to talk to someone in person, thinking I'd be harder to ignore that way. So I turn up and Alex is gone getting coffee for the office.&nbsp; He comes in the office, hears I'm waiting for him and is all smiley with me when I announce that I am the tenant who has been stalking him all day, since I am locked out of my apartment. He was all, "Oh yeah, I tried to call you several times, but it said you were out of range." I was like, "Really...yeah, cause I was just in Surry Hills all day, you know, in the city and then he goes, "I also sent you a text message - did you get that?" Of course I didn't because the bastard so did not send me one and he so did not call me either.&nbsp; My phone never says I am "out of range" even when I am - it just goes to voicemail. I'm not a "fresh off the boat" American, so obviously Alex didn't know who he was dealing with.&nbsp; He then tried to start flirting and joking with me going, "Oh, it's not that cold today, you could have slept outside!" Ha. Ha. Ha.&nbsp; He was cute, but cute wasn't going to cut it!&nbsp; Idiot! ;-) I decided to keep my snotty comments to myself and instead was sweet as sunshine to my agent. If I ever lock myself out again, I don't really want to make it even harder for myself to get him to actually return my call! :-) And the best part is, my real estate agent did not ask me for any ID . I love it! So basically anyone could have pretended to be me and get copies of my keys from this guy!&nbsp; I was like, "Um, don't you need to see some ID?" and he goes, "No, I trust you!" And I was like, "No, really , check my ID!" so he looked at it and handed it back to me. I said, "Don't I need to leave it here when I take the keys?" and he goes, "Nah, that's alright" and smiles at me. Dumbass! I went down the road to make a copy of my keys and I got the sweetest keycutter. He was young and cute and kept winking at me and he actually cared enough to point out that two keys were nearly identical and he offerred to put a cut in one of them so I could tell them apart. What a doll! So, in typical Lori form, I worried all day about something that turned out just fine in the end.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to find out if I can get my keys surgically attached to my body ;-) 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/9289.male.23.Marketing.Taurus.xml:
261: i miss the smell of your hair i miss the feeling of your care i miss the touch of your lips i miss the feel of your hips i miss the planning trips i miss talking all night i miss holding you tight i miss telling you its alright i miss holding your hand i miss bitching about traffic jams i miss the good mornings i miss the good nights i miss the good times i miss the good fights i miss telling you to turn off the light i miss taking showers together i miss the plans of us being forever i miss the dreams that we had i miss wanting those to happen so bad i miss the feeling of wanting you back. i miss the wanting to give you a hug i miss the comfort of being in love i miss the desire to want to fuck i miss the hurt of seeing you packing i miss the thought of you being attractive i miss all these things and so much more but i would never allow you back in or even close to the door. there is nothing to miss nothing at all i wish it would have happened faster but then it wouldn't have been such a beautiful disaster .
371: tonight was the first night i have actually went out and had a good time without thinking of all of the drama that has been surrounding my life lately. my buddy mike and i started our night out by going and seeing "the day after.." the movie was ... alright. we followed up the movie by hitting up peppi's sports bar and had a few drinks, he sang a few songs, i rejected a few chicks - and then we continued on with our wonderful night. i didn't realize until the way home.. that i didn't think about all of this bullshit once tonight. now that is progress. let me tell you. so i'm sitting here drunk and ... fixing to goto bed because it is an early morning i have to go to work and do the responsible thing... ya know? (some people have to work for what they want / have) and for those that don't ... yes i'm jealous... but at the same time i also have something that you guys lack.. its called pride. something you will swear you have for the things that are given to you..which you probably do have a bit of pride in the things that are handed too you - 5 years down the line compare your feeling now to the feeling you will have when you get something on your own ;). Yes that was a stab at some people. anywho... So last night Mike and I went to a get together @ his frat buddies house - watched the pistons game which was just unfuckingbelievable... shortly after the pistons game we decided that we were in the mood to celebrate so we went to tonic and got drunk! drank, danced... chatted a bit... it was an overall pretty good fucking night. okay.. so .. i'm out like the drunk guy i am... work in the morning. :( -goodnight :) 
657: today was very uncomplicated. around 7ish mike and i went to tiki bobs for nicks free party pass thing, we were able to drink for free until nine.. and we took advantage of that. while i was there i ran into some old high school buddies which was fucking amazing cause i have anot seen them fucks in almost 5 or 6 years... so that was awesome.. we left tiki bobs and headed to rochester to the main street grill, where we all played each other in some pool. we did have plans that followed main street, and that was to go see a movie, but that all changed when drinks got in us - we decided to roll back over to nicks house and play presidents and assholes... a drinking game, so we picked up a case on the way from cvs andddddd drank our asses off for a little while - i know i got fucked up pretty bad at one point, i had to lay my head on the couch and shut my eyes for a bit - but then i woke up, sobered up, drove home and most importantly made it home safe... its 3:21 am so i did good. side note: DONT DRINK AND DRIVE - ONLY FUCKING IDIOTS DO THAT SHIT!!! one day i will practice what i preach until then think of my is king hypocrite, think of me however the fuck you want to think of me.. but i know a few of you guys that read this ... drink and are not even old enough to drink so.. let it me known... if you need a ride... call me see if i'm sober.. if i'm not... i'll pay for a taxi.. alright? beat your fucking asses you drive drunk... lyndsey..kelly... dana....jessica.. okay so that is my night... i think i'm going to go to sleep now... so goodnight.
668: well yesterday was kellys birthday - she was totally not looking forward to it, i happened to read her journal and just felt bad for her, so i made sure i was the first one to wish her a happy birthday :P . apparently she got a expensive digital cam for her birthday, can't be mad at that kel :P anyways hope you had a happy birthday - you were in my thoughts :) i'm not sure what is going on with my dad. after all the drama i wake up to emails from him inviting me to go camping with him this weekend - i was a bit shocked. i ended up calling him, and found out chad (my brother) was going to be over there, so i shot over there and hung out for awhile. ending up laying in the pool for a little while then i had to take off. it was relaxing just to be in a pool, its been awhile - haha i love to swim so much. this past winter my old sidekick and i ran up in hotels and used them for their pool, and then we would bounce and go home. it was gangster. anyways so yeah it was nice to fucking lay out in the pool. left there came home and just got really lazy and bored. it was.. disgusting really. at some point i think around 10:30 i decided to go out and went over to tonic for a little while, had a few drinks, danced, but the most interesting part of the whole entire night i would have to say was.... i was up at the bar just kind of observing the dance floor, when i noticed this black man walk by me - wearing this necklace that was blinding, straight bling. as i looked up at his face, it was almost as if recognizing a child hood friend - obie trice was a hand length away from me... as i looked at him he looked at me.. i kind of grinned like.. i know who you are none of these fuckers do.. i was like whats up man.. anyways we ended up talking for about 10 minutes - i told him his CD was one of the better CD's to come off the shady imprint since the eminem show, he smiled and said "listen to this..." and pulled a cd out of his pocket - it is just a burned CD straight out of the lab, bad ass song - produced my eminem. he ended the conversation by saying, "alright man i have to get up there.." (V.I.P) - it was dope.. but the dopest part after he walked away from me, he came back like 5 seconds later and was like whats your name again... who knows small world whatever.. he dont remember it now.. sooo i'm home now... been home for awhile... waiting for lynn to get online because i really wanna talk to her... she is on the phone right now :( so thats just about where my night stands right now... i'm watching the dave chappelle show - erika badu or however you spell her name is doing a performance... alright well.. i'm out like a thief in the night :) -night. ps. let me know what you guys think of the new look. :)
679: i breathe in and blow it back out watch the smoke come floating out of my mouth. i lean my head back and close my eyes and rest my body on the couch. i begin to have thoughts of how i survived how im still here how im alive. i dont know when it happened or how but its then i really begin to realize. i dont feel the pain i dont think of you in vain to me your just a memory just a name. i dont feel abandoned or left alone to rot i dont wish you were here im glad that your not. i miss what we had but not all of the bad and i wouldnt take you back cause it would all come back. i will search out another treasure that does not ever bring pain but only pleasure. &nbsp; i pick up my head from leaning back on the couch i open my eyes and i know what all this is about. i put out my cigerette with ease of mind, finally feel relaxed for the first fucking time. i just realized where i am, im alone and surviving its proof that i can. i felt the need to write what i realized tonight i know its a little sappy but thats alright i couldn't help but share with everyone... im finally fucking happy . 
690: why am i up? its 3:30 in the fucking morning there is no need for me to be up. nothing entertaining is going on, there is no one to talk to online, and most importantly, i have a lot of things that i need to accomplish tomorrow. why am i still up? who the fuck knows. the more i think about it, the more i fear i'll never get tired, so here i am - in an attempt to do something which ordinarily relaxes me :) the stuff party last night was pretty dope. by now the majority of you guys have seen the pictures, so you know it was looking like a good time. to answer all of your questions at once, the band that was playing was darren mcarty's band (he is a defenseman for the detroit redwings) - they were alright. the best part of the entire night was the fact that i got fucked up - i hardly drank a drop, but when it came to smoking - i smoked. it was ... wonderful :) i danced the majority of the night after the band got done playing - as a matter of fact i could not find it in me to stop dancing, i just danced... and danced... and danced. came home, posted real quick, and crashed. today was fun. mike and i went to the rec center and practiced dodge ball, well that was the plan but seeings a lot of people did not show up we substituted our game for a quick run of the gym hitting the weights, and then for a quick game of one on one basketball. so regardless we got our workout on. we ended our wonderful day at arbys where we picked up dinner. the minute i got home i showered because i was EXTREMELY hot. that was fucking amazing - orgasmic really. so now i'm up and i can't sleep. but now i've posted, so maybe i'm relaxed enough to try again. alright here i go ... 1... 2... 3... latah. ps. i couldn't be happier with life right now :)
723: today was busy.&nbsp; i'm not use to busy days :)&nbsp; it was nice.&nbsp; mike and i took the girls back to baycity.. we stopped for lunch on the way home at A &amp; W i didn't realize how good their fucking food was - i was diggin that place.&nbsp; anyways i started the drive... and with the lack of sleep and the honestly not really paying attention... about 25 minutes into the trip... mike says, "dude we're going north.." so yeah.&nbsp; i wasted alot of time driving in the completely opposite direction of home, so i pulled over and was like "your driving".&nbsp; so i got the chill for a few hours on the ride home - it was relaxing although i didn't get to sleep as i had planned i was to caught up in the music... that happens sometimes. &nbsp; after we got back home we chilled for a few minutes, and went directly to my dads house to go pick up all of my shit that he was storing for me - that was fun.&nbsp; he is such a fucking idiot - he emails me and plays this hardass, that doesn't give a fuck about his kids, implies he pretty much hates us, and then when i show up expecting the worst he is going to act like he is my best friend.&nbsp; what the fuck.&nbsp; i said maybe two words to him, for the first 20 minutes while we packed up the back of mikes truck - and then all of the sudden i think he kind of detected that there was some tension coming his way from me - and he out of know where offered me to use his van with the trailer so i only had to make one trip... awww how nice of you pops, its the least you could fucking do.&nbsp; i'm not going to complain, it made things a hell of a lot easier on time.&nbsp;&nbsp; so i got to mikes and just threw all of my shit in the garage where i'm going to store it for now... i think i'll break into it tomorrow or something.. i don't know.&nbsp; its going to be nice to have my desktop back though.&nbsp; &nbsp; anyways.&nbsp; so i left back towards my parents house to return the van and i heard a song... and the fucking song just fucked with me, i've heard it so many fucking times in the past but i've never listened to it - this time i listened to it ... and it fits... i dedicate to my parents (staind - for you).&nbsp; got back with the van and my dad had company over, so as i went to go give him the keys and let him know i was leaving he became dad of the year and offered me dinner.&nbsp; i was fucking shocked.&nbsp; (no matter how much i hate you i can't turn down free food.)&nbsp; so i ate.&nbsp; then he said, "why don't you party with us tonight..." i almost started having seizures.&nbsp; i think it is so funny that he thinks he can pop in my life and out of my life playing the dad role when its convient for him.&nbsp; when no one is around and he is just miserable, he don't like me, or us for that matter.&nbsp; but god damnit if his friends are around he is a "cool dad".&nbsp; fuck you.&nbsp; i hate you.&nbsp; &nbsp; your a piece of shit of an excuse for a dad and i regret every single day of giving you another chance to be there and be a dad ... i should have went with my fucking mom to florida.&nbsp; i fucking hate him .&nbsp; but he don't think anything is wrong with him, he thinks everybody else is wrong.&nbsp; lets look at the facts.&nbsp; i moved out when i was 16 chad moved out when he was 17 lyndsey just moved out (she just turned 17) kristyn left the day she turned 18 wow, i notice a fucking pattern.&nbsp; blah.&nbsp; i fucking hate him. anyways so that was my night... well there was more but&nbsp;i can't talk about it cause it just don't involve me and it wouldn't be very nice of me to divulge other peoples business... ya know?&nbsp; so yeah.&nbsp; hope you enjoyed my post... its the first one in awhile that i'm venting in.&nbsp; i'm pissed, i can vent right?&nbsp; i can't be cool all the time.. shit gets exhausting ha.... alright enjoy ya'lls weekend :) 
756: for the first time in forever i forgot my phone in my car. this is normal, as i'm sure that many of you reading this have done this as well. it is abnormal for me though - ever since the bullshit... my phone is plugged in and charges in the same room as i am while i'm sleeping... well last night i forgot it in my car. which i suppose shows progress... i mean before i'd get dressed up to go back outside and grab it before i goto bed... but last night, not a thought in my head about it. so if that is any type of measure of my progress i suppose its a good steady incline of my overall progress, right? there were a few 'firsts' for everything today. when i woke up the first thing i did was LOOK for my phone, which was as i said - out in my car. so i grabbed a cigerette and walked outside - go to my phone.. and someone called me @ 5 am... private name. i have a very strong feeling who it was...and that to me is irony. the first time i leave my phone in the car, she decides to call.. if that isn't a sign. anyways.. i hope everything is fine with you, and everything is okay. i remember what the '5 a.m.' phone calls are about.. and i hope your night was alright, drama free. sorry i didn't pick up. none the less... there is nothing else to post. -goodnight
783: "honesty" it is something that i'm learning. for in the past i would have been 'afraid' of sarah's reaction to "the truth" - but now i speak of nothing but, and the reaction is... at first is understanding and support - but the long term reaction is her disappearing out of my life. do i regret telling her the truth? not at all. you see truth is always the best policy and the reward is often so much more than you expect. yes it sucks that she does not want to see me or hang out with me because it sucks for her, but at least she knows that i was real with her - and we aren't ending for any "odd" reason for which she couldn't understand or comprehend.. we are ending because everything was put out in the open with my feelings - and it is simple to understand. i miss her though *shrugs* but its best. i think that was just considered, 'rambling' was it not? anyways. so today was pretty lame. (as i'm typing this capone is laying on the bed with me ... making funny noises looking at me wanting to go to sleep - fuck i love him). i stayed home most of the day... OH WAIT. at somepoint this afternoon... i went outside for a cigarette and the neighbors across the street were outside in a fist fight, i wish i had my camera that shit was funny. capone was barking at them, trying to play cop dog and shit... haha it was funny. so back to my day. i just chilled today - around 9ish i went back to the techno festival - danced around quite a bit.. it was fun. got home from that, had a glass of ice tea then went to kelly's apartment and watched "ghost ship" that is an alright flick. not anything i would ever want to watch again - but glad i watched it. one of those things. i'm feeling better about everything. i honestly think having sarah, well not the concept of having sarah - but the 'cloud' that over shadowed sarah and i's friendship was putting more stress on me then doing me good. your thinking, "what cloud?" - well the cloud of being friends but being that tad bit more? we have all been there. so i think with that out of the way, it is helping me cope with things better. i wasn't ready for anything other than a friendship - and i know that. so now i can do this without a constant reminder of negetive shit. i'm going to pick myself up, continue on with my journey, and keep writing my story. -goodnight after i posted tonight i had to come back and post this picture... i seen it and laughed - so if it makes anyone else laugh.. its worth posting :) enjoy! 
879: well last night sarah, mike and i all went to kelly longs house and watched a movie... (Valentine?) with heather and her.. did some drinking. afterwards we took off and i ended up staying the night at sarahs because she was home alone (her moms out of town) and she wanted me to stay.. (wimp). so i stayed. today we woke up came and picked mike up and drove to the beach where i got a REALLY nice tan... pictures coming soon :P then now i'm waiting for mike to get out of the shower.. we're going to get our hair cuts... picking sarah up... hitting up downtown detroit... and we'll see how the night plays out. hopefully i can get some good pictures of the weekend!! alright peace!!
890: today was alright. didn't really do much. went to a soft ball game tonight with sarah and mike, we drank a few beers - then went to the bar with the team to celebrate their first victory. we ate pizza, drank beer. dropped sarah off, came home too let capone out and grab some.. goodz.. :) left from here and went to jessicas.. picked her up... we smoked... came back to the house chilled watched "Ice Age" some animated flick.. got 3/4ers of the way through the movie and..... she had to go home... SO... went ALLLLLL the way back to 8 mile and dequinder and dropped her off... and now i'm just getting back... thats fucking it.. had fun today but on the big scale of life. today was lame.. looking forward to the weekend. -peace
923: this post will not be long tonight i don't think, but then again who the fuck knows. my mood the last few days has been quite cynical. which does not make sense since right this moment, i have more going for me in my life than i have in months. i don't get it. anyways i already posted about this but i made it private. sorry i do keep somethings private, when i know its in my best interest. sue me. it is so hard for me to sit here and write, without venting. i've written 3 lines and just erased them. today was interesting. i got the job i've wanted forever. yes, caught you off guard did it not? i have neglected to post about it in any of my posts, because of 'doubt' with getting the job. today was my second interview, this time with the regional manager, and i got it. he will be calling me tomorrow to tell me when i start. i'm fucking geeked. i have to tell mah people now that i'm going to be leaving them, they will get over it. so i got a job - that i wanted - that i will enjoy - that ... i like. i will post more later on that subject. after the interview which was out in the middle of no where (southfield) it really isn't the middle of no where - but i wanna say it is, k? :) afterwards on my way home i stopped by one of my friends worked and kicked it with them for a few minutes... then i went out to lunch... came home. after i got home i chilled for a bit of time here, and then went over to twelve oaks mall with mike and we did some shopping, that was fun. we came back home - i was bored with nothing to do so i got in my car and drove around for 2 1/2 hours ... just drove. because thats what i do when i feel like i need to get my thoughts together or... need to do some thinking or figuring out. it did not help, the more i thought, the more confused i got. maybe one day i'll be able to be candid about whats going on with me, but at this point, i wouldn't even wanna talk about it. because it is so personal and deep. oh yeah the pictures from the other night are posted too - in the "random" folder. i think by now you guys know how to get to my pictures - so i'm not going to tell you how. i take a deep breath in slowly it comes out i begin to listen to my mind but it just shouts i wish i could tear my heart apart so it would die i might not love again but i'd feel better inside im torn in two my face is blue all because of you im getting weak why this week dont fall stay on your feet i wish i could pen to the world how i truely truely felt but that would be like giving an abusive dad a belt im trapped in my own mind its like a land mine every where i step i have to take my time im want to rip open my head and show you whats inside im not sure what it is but i know it isn't kind such a different person i am this very night if i knew why i think i'd be alright im just frustrated with where im at in life im just frustrated i have to start all over finding my light. that just came out as i was typing the post. sorry for having such a negetive post, but if you review my last like uh 30 posts i don't think you'll find a negetive one so i think i'm entitled to being 'down' once in awhile... this was my night. dont read too much into it, you might hurt yourself. comments are off on this one. -goodnight
945: before i forget let me write these funny quotes down from tonight "can you imagine if peter parker was high?" "steve this thing is so long and big" (burrito at taco bell) "is this the CD? no. then how are you starting it over? im not, its the radio." (Eminem - Stan) so tonight i was pretty fucking bored. so i decided to go out with kelly and talk bullshit and have some fun, it ended up being kelly, jessica, nick and i but we still ended up having a goodtime - after we found some "goods" we went and smoked, in kelly's apartment complex, afterwards we decided that it'd be fun to go pull some secret bullshit off (can't write here) - we ended up going but not being able to pull the secret bullshit off. it sucked - actually in retrospect i think we may have had a chance, had we not been high of course. the odds against us just seemed to increase being high. who knows. tonight was pretty intoxicating though. i don't think i've laughed as much and as hard as i did tonight, in a long time. in a real long time. but tonight just seemed so genuine and peaceful. there was just a lot of good karma tonight, i really enjoyed it - we all had a complete blast and we all were involved in the chaos in the car. it was fun. i definitly could never smoke weed habitually but once or twice a month, i dont mind it. especially on a night like tonight where you are with the right people and there is that awesome karma going on, positive atmosphere, its nice and relaxing. anyways so i'm home now its 3:42 am. saturday night i went over to my parents house for a get together, i brought capone with me. it was a good time lots of people over, including my favorite person in the world, lyndsey. yes saturday lyndsey saw my dad for the first time since may when she moved out, not just saw him but, she talked ot him. it was sad. she got there with her boyfriend and they walked out into the backyard back by the pool, where everyone was swimming. she went and hugged my mom, and then over to my dad and he wouldn't let go of her, and they told each other they loved one another - and after all of that he actaully spoke to ryan like ryan was a person. called him boss at one point in the night too, which was a bit odd. none the less it was nice to see them overcome that huge obstacle, i know exactly how it feels for our dad to finally accept someone who he hated in the past. it takes a lot of stress away. so we partied there that night for a little while. haha i put saturday first. friday night i had to go to bed early because i had my dodge ball game saturday morning. i didn't end up going to bed of course until 5 am because lynn and i talked all night, it was fun though. so with my two hours of sleep, at 7:30 am i was at royal oak kimball high school for this dodgeball game. the game was alright, for us not ever playing dodgeball in a professional enviroment, we did damn good. 2nd place out of 27. it was kind of suprising actually because when mike created the team over their website, he did it in the competitive league. well, we got there and we found out realy quick we were suppose to be in the recreation league. oh well - couldn't change it - so we totally were the underdogs and came out on top. it was fun. then all the bullshit i already posted above i did saturday night and today. i realize i typed this backwards but mi erus uoy nac erugif ti tuo. so that was my weekend. and thats the end of my post. -cheers. (should have pictures of tonight tomorrow) 

/home/ok/cling-course/Week2-Sublime/data_for_homework/blogs/95161.male.39.indUnk.Capricorn.xml:
2593: Joshua is now getting the hang of riding his bike. He's alright on the flat in a straight line but cornering is another matter. We are only allowed to go and practice when there is nobody about (his friends play on the swings and slide across from our house), he obviously at six doesn't want anybody to see his Dad running behind the bike attempting to keep him upright. 
2901: This week is Camp week for the local Boys' Brigade companies. 1st & 2nd Accrington and 1st Rishton companies packed their bags and on Saturday morning set off for Robin Hoods Bay nr Scarborough. I set off a couple of hours earlier with Joshua and took all the tents, equipment, food, and most of the lads’ personal bags in a van and set off on the trip. The van struggled to reach 50mph and with any uphill gradient a quick drop through the gears was necessary to ensure we continued to go forwards. As we left Lancashire for Yorkshire the skies threatened to open but for a while it was only a threat. A small amount of rain followed by the mists descending as we went over the moors past RAF Fylingdales meant that were unable to see the early warning station. This despite the fact that it's a great big building two to three hundred yards from the road that under normal conditions can be seen for miles. Descending from the hills we passed through Ruswarp where the river was close to flooding. As we crossed on the bridge the river raced by under us rather than at its leisurely pace. Back up the hills for the final descent to Fylingthorpe and the weather looked to be clearing. A couple of hours later as we were putting up tents on an already soggy field, the rain stopped threatening and treated us to a bit of a wetting. The constant milling of lads round the tents churned the soggy ground to give us mud patches that almost rivalled Glastonbury, so a trench was dug to divert the water on the field creating a little stream that flowed at the rear of the site for a number of hours after the rain stopped. Sunday morning, the farmer was roused to pull the minibus off the field with his tractor, this was after a couple of attempts to spray mud over everyone - sorry to drive off the field. Shortly after, Joshua and I got back into the van for our trip home. The trip home at just under 4 hours was a lot better that the just over 5 hours it took to get there. The camp will hopefully go alright and I'm going back with the van on Friday evening so that Saturday morning we can pack everything up for the journey home when everybody can start telling stories about how bad the week was and whether it compared to 'that year at Cricieth' or to 'the year Angelsy flooded'.

307 matches across 53 files
