Eight other states also allow the sick and dying to smoke or grow marijuana with a doctor's recommendation. But federal authorities do not recognize those laws. "There is no such thing as medical marijuana," said Richard Meyer, a DEA spokesman. "We're Americans first, Californians second." ( via )
It's teleportation, Jim, but not quite as we know it It is not quite Star Trek - for Captain Kirk, read a batch of light particles - but teleportation is making headway. From an idea that was only considered practicable 10 years ago, scientists now say they have succeeded in teleporting laser photons over 2km, the biggest distance yet achieved. ( via )
Post Nuclear Art
OPERATION_NUKOREA
Somebody out there is tripping hard, man... I can't believe I missed this one, this is just too funny. DSIN (Defense Security Intelligence Network) "Our core mission is to defend Americas streets and communities in areas where there has been little or no oversight, isolate and defeat terrorists domestic and foreign who are operating both in and out of cyberspace, expose corruption and extremely difficult to identify threats to the national security while implementing countermeasures to such, create new laws through legislation to protect citizens, penetrate what have traditionally been nearly impenetrable networks, and reform by means of altering previously criminal and anti-American ideologies." ( via abuddha's memes ) Feds pull suspicious .gov site Until recently, visitors to the AONN.gov Web site were treated to a smorgasbord of information about an agency calling itself the Access One Network Northwest (AONN), a self-described cyberwarfare unit claiming to employ more than 2,000 people and had the support of the U.S. Department of Defense. No federal agency called AONN appears to exist, and no agency with that name is on the official list of organizations maintained by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology. Claiming credit for the deleted .gov site is a man who calls himself Robert L. Taylor III, whose name and contact information appeared in documents on the AONN.gov site. Taylor, who appears to reside near Everett, Wash., declined to explain how, exactly, he secured a .gov domain for the group, calling AONN's operations "classified." Politech: More on AONN.gov: Feds pull plug on "cyberwarfare" .gov site In spite of those who know not the truth May they be baffled to learn such
McCarthy's ghost While these popular expressions of intolerance appear sporadic, not all are spontaneous.  "There is terrorism insurance coverage... We're talking about a nuclear exclusion here, not a terrorist exclusion..."
Congress urged to permit 'low-yield' atomic weapons "It is a bad idea to develop these things, which probably would never be used, and do so openly. It develops a lot of paranoia among proliferating states who believe the U.S. is planning to attack them." Battlefield nukes - Secret Vietnam-era report The study concluded that a nuclear attack would have only limited success against a guerrilla army and, worse, would provoke nuclear counterattacks against highly vulnerable American installations. At a time when the Bush administration has quietly proposed the pre-emptive use of smaller, tactical nuclear weapons against states like Iraq or North Korea, those conclusions remain as sobering today as they were then.
Mutant survival tip number one: Be sure you have a valid passport... Why should we in Britain help Bush to get re-elected? If, Bush finally wins a term as President, decent Americans, intellectual Americans, American scholars, scientists, philosophers, engineers, writers, artists and, not least, American philanthropists, Americans with a great deal to contribute, are going to be looking for a civilised haven. English-speaking countries such as Ireland and New Zealand will be well placed to welcome them and benefit from their talented presence. How sad if we rule ourselves out by poodling up to the very leader they will be seeking to escape. ( via )
The Constitution of Homeland (orange alert version): The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second year from among the ranks of Congressional incumbents and their heirs. No person shall be a Representative who shall not be a servitor in good standing of one of the Two federally funded political parties. The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, computer Files and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, is hereby repealed. No warrants shall be required, or probable cause, for any surveillance, seizure, or predator drone attack. In all prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a trial, by an impartial secret court, and to be imprisoned in a camp within a Cuban communist dictatorship but without air conditioning, beyond the jurisdiction of US common law. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted, by secret courts. As far as you know. ( via )
The Future That Wasn't These images are a vivid reminder of how the popular sense of the future was once overwhelmingly optimistic. The post-apocalyptic landscapes of Blade Runner and the dark cynicism of cyberpunk science fiction were still far away, andat least for the prosperous white Americans depicted in the imagerythe future was going to be utterly swell.
Dear Mr. President, Please bomb Seattle. Doing this would give all Americans a far healthier respect for the new American empire that you are embarking upon. You see, the problem with obliterating Baghdad and its five million people is that they're just too far away. For most Americans, the handiwork of your genius is simply too abstract to fully appreciate. However, take out a place like Seattle - and it becomes much more real... ( via )
thoughts on the eve of the apocalypse: Meanwhile in Asia...
UN: Report Warns Of World Water Crisis In Coming Decades A UN report says the world faces a water crisis in the near future as the average water supply per person is expected to drop by one-third in 20 years. The report lists population growth, pollution, and global warming as the main causes for the decline.
Pedants and partisans There are two things desirable for fighting fundamentalists. The first is not to be one yourself. The US government's war on the movement is somewhat compromised by the fact that it is run by scripture-spouting fanatics for whom the sanctity of human life ends at the moment of birth. This is rather like using the British National party to run ex-Nazis to earth, or hiring Henry Kissinger to investigate mass murder, as George Bush recently did by nominating him to inquire into the background to September 11. Fundamentalists of the Texan stripe are not best placed to hunt down the Taliban variety. ( via )
Forced medication: When does it violate rights? A St. Louis dentist accused of insurance and Medicaid fraud is fighting an effort by the US government to forcibly inject him with antipsychotic drugs, to render him competent to stand trial. For nearly four years, Charles Thomas Sell has fought a losing court battle to avoid the unwanted medication. He says it is a form of government-authorized mind control in violation of his First Amendment right to freedom of thought. Insanity Goes Back on Trial The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, in an amicus brief, warns of "mind control" and draws an analogy between Mr. Sell and Winston Smith, the hero of Orwell's "1984." The Center for Cognitive Liberty and Ethics contends that administering the medications would be "cognitive censorship" and that Mr. Sell is under "no obligation to think the way the government wants him to think." The American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers lodged similar protests.
New World Disorder Magazine Using such filters as interviews, theory, investigative articles and art, New World Disorder Magazine will document, decode and create the fissures and cracks in what passes for consensus reality as it fragments deliriously speeding towards whatever singularity or apocalypse awaits at the end of time.
Brian Eno is a musician who believes that regime change begins at home ( via ) (INSERT OBLIQUE STRATEGY HERE) Brian Eno chooses to spin...
smartMeme I No longer do people even question the inevitability of the apocalypse in their mind; rather they seem to be sifting through the possible characters that they might play: Will I be the hero who escapes death or the whiny person who gets it in the end? So embedded in our minds are the scenarios, so many times have they been played out on screen for us, that it takes more than rational thought to reprogram these future memories. It takes what we have come to call the psychic break. ( via )
If It Happened Here Except for the tolling of church bells, the city is quiet, and the streets are empty of everything but occasional emergency vehicles and the carcasses of dead birds. Most people huddle behind windows and doors sealed tight with duct tape, watching continuous news coverage on television or listening to "America the Beautiful" and "Amazing Grace" endlessly replayed on the radio. A cable channel plays nothing but prayer services for Los Angeles, broadcast from cathedrals and temples around the world. ( via )
( via )
Welcome to Earth: meet the leaders The world isn't run by a clever cabal. It's run by about 5,000 bickering, sometimes charming, usually arrogant, mostly male people who are accustomed to living in either phenomenal wealth, or great personal power. A few have both. Many of them turn out to be remarkably naive... "Liberal elitist disingenuinity" Laurie Garrett was not happy to have her email shared with the world. She was even less happy that the "Internet addicts of the world" had wasted such extensive time and effort on such an "extraordinarily silly exercise." Her message to them ends with a peroration to "Be a citizen of the real world" and invokes the image of William Shatner telling a convention of Star Trek fans to get a life. ( via )
Intelligent machines threaten humankind What was once the realm of science fiction has mutated into serious debate. While the focus is currently on cloning and genetic engineering, few people have seriously considered being annihilated by a robot race. Artificial Intelligence Machines are getting smarter all the time. This is the century when they will start to walk, talk, and maybe even think. Q. Should we be worried? A. No, the droids will do that for us.
Dick Cheney Presents... Bloggin' In A Bunker - Daily Dispatches From An Undisclosed Location. (submitted by photonwillie)
Sci-Fi War Uniforms? ...the military uniform of the futurenot just light as silk and bulletproof, but able to rapidly change at the molecular level to adapt to biological and chemical threats. Is that anthrax just ahead? The material converts into an impermeable shield. Body gets injured? The pant leg morphs into a splint or even forms an artificial muscle. Nanosensors would also transmit a soldiers vital signs back to a medical team, as well as monitor his breath for increased nitric oxide, which is a sign of stress. ( via )
Bomb Texas  It Has Oil Too ( via )
U.S. Diplomat's Letter of Resignation I am writing you to submit my resignation from the Foreign Service of the United States and from my position as Political Counselor in U.S. Embassy Athens, effective March 7. I do so with a heavy heart. ...until this Administration it had been possible to believe that by upholding the policies of my president I was also upholding the interests of the American people and the world. I believe it no longer. ( via )
U.S. Has Not Inspected Iraqi Nuclear Facility Defense officials acknowledge that the U.S. government has no idea whether any of Tuwaitha's potentially deadly contents have been stolen, because it has not dispatched investigators to appraise the site. What it does know, according to officials at the Pentagon and U.S. Central Command, is that the sprawling campus, 11 miles south of Baghdad, lay unguarded for days and that looters made their way inside. ( via )
The New Cold War A decade after the end of the Cold War, good old-fashioned space programs still matter. Not for exploration's sake, but to settle new cold wars. If you doubt it, imagine this scenario: It's 2029, and a lunar mission lands at Tranquillity Base. A crew of heroic young Indians - or Chinese - quietly folds and puts away America's 60-year-old flag. If the world saw that on television, wouldn't the gesture be worth tens of billions of rupees or yuan? Of course it would.
Why we may never regain the liberties that we've lost The Bush administration's attitude, assisted by a Congress that long since abandoned any commitment to liberty, is that government has the right to know absolutely everything about you and that government can violate your fundamental rights with impunity as long as the cause is deemed worthy. You, on the other hand, have absolutely no right to know what the government is doing in your name and with your money, unless the information is deemed harmless by people who have every motive to cover up misdeeds. Bush and his people have turned secrecy into a mantra, and too few people recognize the danger that poses to our freedoms, much less our pocketbooks.
...sealed in secrecy and un-available for public view.
Bunker buster missiles aim at Moon Tests have been carried out on ground penetrating missiles using 'bunker buster' technology that could be fired into the depths of dark lunar craters to look for ice. ( via )
Military robots to get swarm intelligence The project, which received funding this week from the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), is aimed at developing ways to perform missions such as minesweeping and search and rescue with minimum intervention from human operators.
Local Officials Rise Up to Defy The Patriot Act (washingtonpost.com) Meserve, a weather-worn builder and contractor in his fifties who wears a ponytail and flannel shirts, hasn't felt so popular since he won his council seat running on the platform, "The Federal Government Has Gone Stark, Raving Mad." ( via )
Dangerous Viruses Feared Lost In Iraq Dangerous strains of cholera, black fever, HIV, polio and hepatitis may have been lost during the postwar looting of Iraq's key disease-control facility, The U.S. military is worried they may be used as weapons. As escaped laboratory animals roamed the compound, a new sign was posted in Arabic reading: "Stay away, extremely dangerous. Lab is polluted with viruses." ( via )
The CIA/Zionist Plot The mind-bogglingly moronic military strategy of Saddam also confirms conspiracy. After all, Saddam didn't even manage to blow up his bridges to stop the liberating forces advancement. I suspect Saddam was kidnapped and replaced by a CIA/Zionist controlled clone.
Aliens saved the lives of Saddam and his sons "The aliens told Saddam that they could not save his regime. However, because he had protected them from the Americans, they would show their appreciation by helping him and his family escape into space. They would not allow Saddam to fall into the hands of his enemies, the Zionists. A large UFO was summoned to Al-Ouja, and Saddam and his family departed. As to where they have fled, no one can say." ( via )
Voice: What do you think is next, George? Bush: Ummm(scratches head) Voice: Isaiah 17:1: An oracle concerning Damascus: See, Damascus will no longer be a city but will become a heap of ruins." Bush: Does it say when? Voice: Not exactly. Bush: Hmmmperhaps I should talk to Perle, Wolfy, Rummy Choir of Angels sing: Halleleujah! Halleleujah! Talking bout my Revelation ( via )
BOMBSHELTER PLEASE, TAKE A MOMENT FOR A DESINFECTION BEFORE ENTERING THE STERILE PAGES OF THIS SITE...
Weapons lab rolls out new radiation detectors RadNet, is designed to make calls, surf the Web, act as a Personal Digital Assistant, pinpoint locations with Global Positioning System technology and sniff out nuclear materials with a cutting-edge sensor.
And now, your daily dose of fucked up shit. If you still have an ounce of faith in your fellow man, this is where you may lose it. I warn you, this is fairly grim. here... and here... ( via )
Total Information Awareness: Enter the exciting world of paranoia. Total Information Awareness: Big Brother is back. In a nice way. ( via )
BushCo Reams Nation Good. No WMDs after all, no excuse for war, too late for anyone to care anymore. Ha-ha, suckers.
The Miller's Crossing We were all scared when those planes swan-dived into the towers, OK? But what separates real Americans from the faux variety is that real Americans don't turn in their spines to the hatcheck lady in times of stress... It's not the first time anyone's ever crawled up Rupert Murdoch's ass in times of career difficulty, and it won't be the last... ( via American Samizdat )
This nation has lost all fucking shame...
AONN is an UNHOLY PROGRAM of PURE EVIL Can someone say: "Trained Covert Assassins GONE AWRY?" Unholy isn't even a good word for this black ops project. These gents are working with the forces of darkness for sure... Dude, c'mon ...if you're going to try to pull off some faux-Illuminati, "covert ops" BS, don't put your real name and address on your DNS contact info then stick it all over message boards. Clue in, my black ops friend. DSIN (Defense Security Intelligence Network) "Our core mission is to defend Americas streets and communities in areas where there has been little or no oversight, isolate and defeat terrorists domestic and foreign who are operating both in and out of cyberspace, expose corruption and extremely difficult to identify threats to the national security while implementing countermeasures to such, create new laws through legislation to protect citizens, penetrate what have traditionally been nearly impenetrable networks, and reform by means of altering previously criminal and anti-American ideologies." ( via Abuddhas Memes ) Feds pull suspicious .gov site Access One Network Northwest (AONN), a self-described cyberwarfare unit claiming to employ more than 2,000 people and had the support of the U.S. Department of Defense. No federal agency called AONN appears to exist, and no agency with that name is on the official list of organizations maintained by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology. Politech: More on AONN.gov: Feds pull plug on "cyberwarfare" .gov site In spite of those who know not the truth, may they be baffled to learn such... Oh FUCK, it's a hip-hop label? AONN Records is like one of those Sci-Fi stories where everything was falling apart, but a few pulled together, and at night, in the cold dark, by torch and firelight, erected a network. Well, this is a super network. We've created a new kind of network with the help of some of the most brilliant computer scientists and engineers on the West Coast. -- Whoop-tee-fuckin-doo. But it's a hip-hop label, right? In spite of those who know not the truth, may they be baffled to learn such...
If You're Reading This, The World Didn't End Last Thursday ...you'll have to simply chalk it up to a moment's paranoia: the sun is shining, the planet is blissfully unmolested and Britney Spears has no plans for repopulating a post-apocalyptic Earth with you anytime soon.
Bush equated with Hitler in 'Matrix' sequel? Images of wickedness begin to rapidly flash on the monitors, including photos of nuclear warfare and notorious killers. When the architect of the Matrix describes the folly of man, look at the screens behind Neo, which show images of a historical monster and a contemporary president. The historical monster to whom he refers is Hitler, and the president is George W. Bush, as well as his father for a brief moment. ( via Libertythink ) Corporate Mofo Reloads the Matrix ...most of the people in Zion seem to be black or Hispanic, which makes perfect sense: If you're a white suburban Matrix resident, driving your Matrix SUV to your Matrix golf club, why doubt the nature of reality? ( via Incublogula ) Escape 'The Matrix,' Go Directly to Jail It is not uncommon for slaying suspects, especially those who are mentally unstable, to raise whatever is hot in popular culture in their defense or in interviews with police. And experts agree that one film alone is unlikely to spark that kind of violence. But to the vulnerable psyches of those who may be mentally ill, films with suggestions of hidden evil and uncertain reality can reinforce paranoia and fear by helping unhealthy fantasy worlds to flourish... ( via New World Disorder ) They don't call him 'The One' for nothing LaVelle believes the Matrix trilogy is a three-part message from God, warning of impending armageddon. "Did the directors intend to make it that way? I don't think so," she says. "But God's hand was in it -- it was a revelation." "As we get closer to the second coming of Jesus, God is trying to wake us up to reality," she says. "I do think think The Matrix is a warning." ( via New World Disorder ) Are We Living In The Matrix? ...a philosophy professor who teaches at Oxford says there's roughly a 20 percent chance that most humans today really are software-generated beings living in a virtual reality. ( via New World Disorder )
Python Boy Cambodians are flocking to see a three-year-old boy they believe was the son of a dragon in a former life because his best friend is a four-meter-long python. ( via Diversionz )
Wired News: A Spy Machine of DARPA's Dreams The Pentagon is about to embark on a stunningly ambitious research project designed to gather every conceivable bit of information about a person's life, index all the information and make it searchable. What national security experts and civil libertarians want to know is, why would the Defense Department want to do such a thing? ( via Aberrant News ) Use of Data Collection Systems Is Up Sharply Following 9/11 Developed as counterterrorism tools, the systems are aimed at bridging gaps in information that let the 9/11 hijackers slip past law enforcement. But they also make it easier for the government to gather information about American citizens who aren't suspected of anything criminal. ( via Dark Matter )
Clinton First Term: 242,000 jobs gained per month Clinton Second Term: 235,000 jobs gained per month Reagan Second Term: 224,000 jobs gained per month Carter: 218,000 jobs gained per month Johnson: 206,000 jobs gained per month Nixon First Term: 129,000 jobs gained per month Kennedy: 122,000 jobs gained per month Truman Second Term: 113,000 jobs gained per month Reagan First Term: 109,000 jobs gained per month Nixon/Ford : 105,000 jobs gained per month Truman First Term: 60,000 jobs gained per month Eisenhower First Term: 58,000 jobs gained per month G. Bush: 52,000 jobs gained per month Eisenhower Second Term: 15,000 jobs gained per month G.W. Bush : 69,000 jobs LOST per month ( via Eve of the Apocalypse )
Paul Laffoley ...spoke his first word, "Constantinople," at six months, then remained silent until the age of four, when he began to draw and paint. In 1968 he moved into an eighteen- by thirty-foot utility room to found a one-man "think tank" and creative unit called the Boston Visionary Cell. During a routine CAT-scan of his head in 1992, a miniature metallic implant, 3/8 of an inch long, was discovered in the occipital lobe of his brain, near the pineal gland. Local M.U.F.O.N. investigators declared it to be an alien nanotechnological laboratory. ( via Aberrant News ) Disinformation: Paul Laffoley ...a powerful and enigmatic representative of American Outsider Art and Apocalypse Culture. His art draws from a wide variety of cultural influences, from George Gurdjieff's cosmology to Nikolas Tesla's strange Earth energy-grid warping devices. His unique subjective Vision transcends the beckoning commercialization of the apocalyptic post-millennial aesthetic, undermining the subverse edge of kitsch.
The Lone Dissenter ( via Page3Girls ) Fifi, Ricky, and I got together today to continue our debate from yesterday. Ricky: So, you're a Republican, right? Me: Actually, no. I consider myself a conservative. (yeah, that's what they all say) Maybe even a conservative-leaning libertarian. (and then they say this) Fifi: Um, sorry, don't you mean liberal? Me: No. Libertarian. [Insert description of libertarians.] Ricky: So, what's a libertarian stance on some issue, then? Me: Um, drugs, for instance. I think that drugs should be legalized. Fifi: What? Like, cocaine? Heroin? That sort of drug? Me: Yes. Ricky: But what if someone ODs and dies? Me: Then it'd stink to be them, wouldn't it? Seriously, I don't care. If they're dumb enough to do that, it's just as well they're out of the gene pool. Fifi: How can you say that? I mean, are you just going to legalize drugs and laugh when people die? Me: No. I'm going to legalize drugs, educate people about them, and impose high taxes. Look at it this way. Who has a better idea of whether you should have drugs, you or the government? Fifi: The government, of course. Are you crazy? What do you think it's there for? (insert sitcom laugh track here)
At the base of the statue, we need a little legend: a big red X, and next to it: "We think you are here, but we are still looking." Yes, Valis. It is a joke, on us. ( via The Hive )
Top 10 Things I Hate About Star Trek The other night, I couldn't get my car to start. I solved the problem by reversing the polarity of the car battery, and routing the power through my satellite dish. The resulting subspace plasma caused a rift in the space-time continuum, which created a quantum tunnelling effect that charged the protons in the engine core, thus starting my car. Child's play, really. As a happy side-effect, I also now get the Spice Channel for free.
County seeks Klingon interpreter for mental health patients County research has shown that Klingon has gone from being a fictional tongue to what many people -- and not just fans -- consider a complete language, with its own grammar, syntax and vocabulary. If a patient speaks only Klingon, the county is obligated to respond with a Klingon interpreter. ( via Incublogula )
Star Trek: Deep Space Saddam Some people say Saddam is at Zarzi with the aliens. Others say he is at the underground base at al- Ouja. The latest rumor is that Saddam will shortly address the people of Iraq from an alien base on the moon! They say this will happen in four or five days. ( via Incublogula )
9th Circuit rules individuals have no right to bear arms ...without individual Second Amendment protections, the government could ban the public's only recourse against tyranny. The Second Amendment is a doomsday provision, one designed for those exceptionally rare circumstances where all other rights have failed, where the government refuses to stand for re-election and silences those who protest, where courts have lost the courage to oppose, or can find no one to enforce their decrees... ( via The Hive ) Ok.. Other rights failed, check. Silences those who protest, check. Court's balls in a jar, check. Now. War against tyranny starts when?
Environmentalists = Terrorists ...there are laws against trespassing, vandalism, destruction of property, disorderly conduct and disturbing the peace. The only reason for this legislation, is to eliminate all forms of dissent, including the time-honored democratic traditions of nonviolent, peaceful protest and civil disobedience. Civil rights advocates who thought the Patriot Act was bad should turn their attention to this legislation. Because if ALEC is successful, millions of people might just lose the only tool they have left: the right to loud and public dissent. ( via American Samizdat )
The view from Wonderland Are the people who are caught up in a mass delusion ever aware that they are living in a malignant fantasyland? When society has gone mad, does the "conventional belief" somehow "feel different" to those within the society? The question virtually answers itself and history confirms that when reason departs and collective insanity takes over, it all seems "perfectly sensible" from the inside. In the present crisis that has befallen our republic, there is still access to relevant information and there is an abundance of fallacy in "the official version" to be exposed, so that those of us with eyes to see, ears to hear, and the ordinary smarts to think it over, are quite able to come up with a reasonable assessment of our peril, and of our most prudent means to deal with it. ( via Abuddhas Memes )
When will we all wake up? "Single acts of tyranny may be ascribed to the accidental opinion of a day; but a series of oppressions, begun at a distinguished period and pursued unalterably through every change of ministers, too plainly prove a deliberate, systematic plan of reducing [a people] to slavery." - Thomas Jefferson ( via Aberrant News )
I loathe America I can hardly bear to see the faces of Bush and Rumsfeld, or to watch their posturing body language, or to hear their self-satisfied and incoherent platitudes...
This type of raid is contrary to the way our community wants the police to conduct themselves. The deployment of SWAT units should be limited to extraordinary circumstances such as a hostage situation, a sniper, or a bomb threat. We hope that Eugene will follow in the paths of several other cities and reign in the abuses perpetuated by rogue police agencies. There is a deep sense of betrayal and loss of trust. We believed that our police were supposed to protect our safety and our Constitutional rights. Instead they attacked us with machine guns without cause. They have destroyed my sense of security. How can we ever feel safe again? What is happening to our country?  ( via The Hive )
Shoot Not To Kill What will happen, they ask, if the government has the ability to stop protests with odorants, phaser weapons and, yes, chemical calmatives if they are developed to a more controllable level? Will the possession of such overwhelming devices make repressive police actions more likely? ( via Wired News )
The Thinkable ...each new country that gets nuclear weapons multiplies the potential for a war involving a nuclear state. And numbers are not the worst of it. The original nuclear era was primarily a boxers' clinch of two great industrial powers, each claiming to represent an ideology of global appeal. The second is about insecure nations, most of them led by autocrats, most of them relatively poor, residing in rough neighborhoods, unaligned with and resentful of Western power. (via Plastic: Closing Pandora's Box )
Government intelligence a misnomer If you want to understand the very real threat to our rights of free speech and free association, Jimmy Wynn is your man. Wynn is commanding officer of the Militia of Georgia, a small paramilitary group that believes we are "governed by petty despots and tyrants" who have robbed us of our constitutional rights. Despite that heated rhetoric, however, no available evidence suggests that Wynn has ever advocated violence against the government or law enforcement. He's just an American with an odd point of view.
Have you seen this man? One of the weirdest rumours about Pynchon, was that he was the Unabomber. On the face of it, there are certain philosophical parallels between Pynchon and the real Unabomber. But of course the crude anti-ironism of sending explosives through the post was hardly Pynchon's style: his novels were his bombs, packaged charges of transformative argument delivered from a carefully guarded nowhere.
U.S. Hires Christian Extremists to Produce Arabic News Christian Zionists have historically pointed to Genesis 12:3-96 - I will bless those who bless you. And the one who curses you, I will curse. They have interpreted this to mean that individuals and nations who support the state of Israel will be blessed by God. It has come to mean political, economic and moral support, often uncritically rendered to the state of Israel. ( via Daypop )
US: Saddam had no weapons of mass destruction The Bush administration has admitted that Saddam Hussein probably had no weapons of mass destruction. Senior officials in the Bush administration have admitted that they would be 'amazed' if weapons of mass destruction (WMD) were found in Iraq. Ironically, the claims came as US President George Bush yesterday repeatedly justified the war as necessary to remove Iraq's chemical and biological arms which posed a direct threat to America. ( via Daily Rotten )
Bush Shifts Focus to Nuclear Sales by North Korea ...an official who has discussed the issue with Mr. Bush said his thinking was that the North Koreans "are looking to get us excited, to make us issue declarations." "And his answer to them is," the official added, `You're hungry, and you can't eat plutonium.' " (Oh, ha ha, you funny, round-eye.) North Korea Will Use Nukes North Korea has at least 100 nuclear missiles aimed at the United States and will use them if new economic sanctions are imposed against it, a spokesman claims. "They all lock onto American cities." "North Korea will use those nuclear weapons against the US mainland if America imposes additional economic sanctions on North Korea." ( via Daily Rotten )
Iraqi Nuclear Site Is Found Looted A specially trained Defense Department team, dispatched after a month of official indecision to survey a major Iraqi radioactive waste repository, found the site heavily looted and said it was impossible to tell whether nuclear materials were missing.
U.S. says Canada cares too much about liberties The United States says the lack of funding for police and restrictive privacy legislation in Canada are frustrating probes of political extremists. Some U.S. law enforcement officers have expressed concern about Canadian privacy laws. A State Department report took issue with Canada's move to make possession of small amounts of marijuana a ticketing offence rather than a criminal one. "This will not only harm Canadian society, but have consequences for the United States as well..." ( via Daily Rotten ) 4 in 10 Americans support annexing Canada ...those who follow Canada-U.S. relations closely said Canadians should not panic. "I wouldn't worry about the army coming," said Christopher Sands, director of the Canada Project for the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C. ( via Daily Rotten ) No. That would be unthinkable, wouldn't it? U.S. warns Canada against easing pot laws Murray tried to express the feeling in the U.S. that looser drug laws go hand-in-hand with an increase in crime and drug addiction among youth, and used some apocalyptic language to do it. "You can't wall this off saying, 'We're only talking about a little cannabis.' Our experience is they come together like the Four Horsemen..." ( via Daypop )
The world is going straight to hell ...food workers at the U.N. headquarters walked off their jobs, calling a wildcat strike. The result: nothing short of Baghdad style chaos. The walkout left thousands of U.N. employees scrounging for lunch - eventually, the masses stripped the cafeterias of everything, including the silverware... When asked how much liquor was lifted from the U.N. bar, one U.S. diplomat responded: "I stopped counting the bottles." He then excused himself and headed towards the men's room. ( via Page3Girls )
Bush's "Christian" Blood Cult: Concerns Raised by the Vatican George W. Bush proclaims himself a born-again Christian. However, Bush and fellow self-anointed neo-Christians appear to wallow in a "Christian" blood lust cult when it comes to practicing the teachings of the founder of Christianity. This cultist form of Christianity, with its emphasis on death rather than life, is also worrying the leaders of mainstream Christian religions, particularly the Pope. Bush's blood lust, his repeated commitment to Christian beliefs, and his constant references to "evil doers," in the eyes of many devout Catholic leaders, bear all the hallmarks of the one warned about in the Book of Revelations - the anti-Christ. People close to the Pope claim that amid these concerns, the Pontiff wishes he was younger and in better health to confront the possibility that Bush may represent the person prophesized in Revelations. (via LibertyThink and New World Disorder )
Intelligence Officers Challenge Bush The failure to find weapons of mass destruction six weeks after US and UK forces invaded Iraq suggests either that such weapons are simply not there, or that those eventually found there will not be in sufficient quantity or capability to support your repeated claim that Iraq posed a grave threat to our countrys security. ...some even suggest that your administration wishes to preserve the option of planting such weapons to be discovered later. ( via )
EMF Safety Garments, Bedding, & Grounding Devices Very sheer, comfortable undergarments you can wear over your regular underwear to shield yourself from powerline and computer electric fields, and microwave, radar, and TV radiation. ( via )
Would the fundamentalists destroy the world if they could? Are they, in fact, insane? The fundamentalists may indeed appear to be insane, but from a whole systems perspective, they are merely the "identified patient" in a much larger international power game that is itself pathogenic. ( via )
The end is always now The structure and meaning of time, the meeting place of this age and eternity, are consistent concerns... The desire to understand history  its unity, its structure, its goal, the future hope which it promises  is not a passing interest or momentary whim, but a perennial human concern. A sense of belonging in time, as well as the need to understand the special significance of the present, is the anthropological root of apocalyptic systems of thought.
Apocalyptic Representations of Late Capitalism Rollerball (1975) speculates upon what mode of capitalism would replace the ailing Fordist mantra. Picking up on a growing unease the public felt with multi-national companies during the mid 70s, it predicts a world run purely by corporations, and explores the means by which this Corporate Society contains the social, and psychological side effects of capitalism that ultimately threaten to undermine it.
Privatise this war! "Free enterprise warfare" would not only result in an army unfettered by federal bureaucracy, but by fielding an army employed by a US corporation rather than a nation state, troops would not be impeded by excessive petty international regulations such as the Geneva convention. ...Exxon has extensive experience in laying waste to large areas of countryside; Enron is looking for new spheres of influence; and there are many more companies that so enthusiastically share the president's vision of freedom that they contributed to his election campaign. ( via )
The Bomb (Realmedia) by David Aronson . See also: The Alchemical Wedding .
Princess Diana, superhero I first became aware of Princess Diana's strange, mutant powers on the day of her death... ...a couple of old palace eminence grise types arrange for this resurrected mutant zombie to be killed. "And this time, let's do it properly," one of them says.
Mail Carrier Fired For Delivering Harry Potter Book Early Well, no, suspended actually... "I'm paid to do a job; I did a job," she said. "It's a book -- it's fiction -- and this is my real life. This is not fiction. Me having to fight for my job is not fiction." ( via )
Meet 'The Family' Their goal is an "invisible" world organization led by Christ  that's what they aspire to. They are very explicit about this... Their goal is a worldwide invisible organization. That's their word, and that's important because it sounds so crazy. This is not a conspiracy. There's no secret badge or anything. It's much looser. This is how the vast right-wing conspiracy works, by being associates, friends. ( via )
Why the high priest of dystopia still matters
Business Owner Runs Over Robbery Suspects In Hummer Theres nothing more exciting than being a soccer mom with 7 kids driving 70 miles per hour down a one way street while crushing old women and crashing into $70,000 bmw XFGDG Class. That gas guzzling mother fucker is really helping the economy since every time you fill the baby up you spend close to $500 and you make fun of the muslims because FOX problem solvers says that 100% of muslims are backstabbing terrorist who are the downfall of society!!!
Illinois Company Sold Gum With KKK Tattoos Inside A Michigan woman said she was shocked when she found a temporary tattoo depicting the Ku Klux Klan inside a pack of bubble gum... ( via ) ...for your further bewilderment, I give you the latest trends in fashion... OK. You've got your matching shorts and cap . Now you need new sports shoes to complete your ensemble. ( via ) Remember... Vee Have Vays of Making You Dress The collection featured designs based on both the industrial and political aesthetic of the former dictatorship. On display were cloaks and knitted sweaters, all, naturally, in parade-ground brown, and often emblazoned with the regime's most famous symbol, the swastika. In a neat touch, jackets and dresses were edged with little Iron Crosses. American fans of designer tyranny will be thrilled to know that these clothes can also be found in New York, Boston, and LA. Nazi Fashion Tips One faction argued in favor of white: "The uniforms should be as white as snow!" they would exclaim. "To symbolize the pure and cleansed world that Germany will create." A second faction supported black uniforms: "As black as the death that will be visited on all enemies of the Aryan people." A third group suggested Imperial Purple, to represent the inherent nobility of all true Germans. All sheep must wear the swishtika. Just do it . Wonder if any of the vast sums of money approved for the new Department of Homeland Security are set aside for black uniforms with knee-length boots and black leather trench coats? Should be. Since weve gone to all this trouble to create the new American Gestapo we might as well let them look the part... ( quote )
Famine-struck North Koreans eating children Cannibalism is increasing in North Korea following another poor harvest and a big cut in international food aid, according to refugees who have fled the stricken country. Aid agencies are alarmed by refugees' reports that children have been killed and corpses cut up by people desperate for food... ( via )
Lifeboat Foundation: The Zero G Solution to Terrorism The Lifeboat Foundation is a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization, dedicated to providing solutions that will safeguard humanity from the growing threat of terrorism and technological cataclysm. This humanitarian organization is pursuing all possible options, including self-sustaining technologies using AI and nanotechnology, with an emphasis on self-contained space arks. "Think of it this way -- If you were among six billion people in a room where each had access to a `doomsday device' capable of killing everyone in that room, would you feel safe and secure? We don't.'' Yes. Eric Klien is a man with a vision. It's not his first vision... The Atlantis Project And it may not be his last... Society For A Logo Free TV But I'd like to wish him luck with it anyway...
Abducted by Aliens? - Read on After advertising in a newspaper for alien abductees, Richard McNally selected 10 people who believed they had been abducted. Their experiences seemed to match the common signs of hypnopopic sleep paralysis, that period when we are coming out of sleep but are not yet fully conscious. When tested, the anxiety reactions of 'alien abductees' related closely to those of people diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. ( via )
LibertyThink Stuff Just in time for Father's Day...
Idiot son of an asshole
Conversations with Extraterrestrials "Why are you so involved in this Ross Perot campaign? Why are you wasting your time? Its going to fall apart, one by one, and whoever wins, it doesnt matter because the whole system is going to come down around everybody. Theres going to be a rebellion. And youre not a part of this, so dont get involved." Thanks, Yoda...
FOS - Feds Over Shoulder (washingtonpost.com) "We can teach agents how to be careful and make sure they're following the law and how to arrest people. But how to convince people they're a 13-year-old is something we need help on." ( via )
Wired News: Driving While Intaxicated The Oregon Department of Transportation is evaluating a scheme that uses the global positioning system to keep track of the distance every car travels in order to impose a road-use tax. While the state sees the concept as the perfect replacement for its existing gasoline tax, privacy watchdogs are calling foul play over a plan that turns Big Brother into the ultimate backseat driver. And environmentalists are concerned that the plan reduces the incentive to purchase fuel-efficient vehicles.
Some Web Chat Ideas Are Out of This World A milestone in human civilization was reached yesterday afternoon with hardly any notice: The U.S. government made contact with an extraterrestrial. The space creature, one King Bloop Zod of planet Mars, sent an e-mail to the White House Web site in hopes of communicating with earthling Mel R. Martinez, secretary of Housing and Urban Development, who was holding a Web chat. ( via )
Chucky Stabs Man With Butcher Knife The suspect is described as a 6-foot-tall person wearing a black robe, the Chucky mask, and carrying an 8-inch butcher knife. Go ahead. Laugh it up. You could be next... ( via )
Alien Abductions: The Real Deal? ...for every Rael, there are hundreds of workaday individuals who claim to have been abducted by aliens. These individuals do not flower into gurus; they struggle alone with memories of unintelligible messages, temporary paralysis and humanoid creatures hovering over their beds. Their stories don't always check out, but their minds do: Psychological tests confirm that abductees are rarely psychotic or mentally ill. Some 3 million Americans believe they've encountered bright lights and incurred strange bodily marks indicative of a possible encounter with aliens... ( via )
Alien Abductions Incorporated Why wait? Why wonder if they're ever going to come for you? Why even invest the time, trouble, and expense involved in an actual abduction when the highly trained and professional staff at Alien Abductions Incorporated can provide you with personalized, realistic memories of the alien abduction that you have been waiting for your entire life? Once your Abduction Experience has been implanted, we offer a wide range of add-on options, from the 24/7 Surveillance Special (to give you that added edge of real-life paranoia) to our exclusive Evidence Kit, which contains items specially selected to heighten your Experience. We even offer a low cost course of deprogramming, medication, and therapy that is available to any of our customers who may choose to discontinue their Experience. ( via )
Blakes 7 - classic British sci-fi series in which anti-heroic rebels who fight against an oppressive government are all killed in the end... or not? Blake's 7 set for hi-tech return Official site... Blakes 7 - A Rebellion Reborn
( via )
Top 12 telling parallels between Ozzy Osbourne and George W. Bush. ( via )
You're a wretched malformed mutant and God hates you... ( via )
Overcoming Terror ...the Department of Homeland Security's site is just one example of a national warning system that in the end stirs up more anxiety than it quells. Loaded with scientific terminology, yet woefully bereft of any tangible data, the U.S.' early-warning mechanism has transformed us into a nation of worriers, not warriors. ...the day after Revere took his midnight gallop, the Colonial militia trounced the redcoats at Concord. Not a shred of duct tape was needed. ( via )
www.derekerdman.com ( via )
( via )
Shoot the cowboy... ( via )
So you ride yourselves over the fields and you make all your animal deals and your wise men don't know how it feels to be thick as a brick ( via )
Backup Data on the Moon? ...is there any point in storing data on a server on the moon? TransOrbital has had companies that want to back up critical data somewhere other than on earth express interest, and is working on ways to make the idea attractive. (submitted by Major Tom)
ANTIQUITIES OF THE ILLUMINATI v 4.5.1.1 FINAL. 01 July 2003 c.e.
Shooting Joan Burroughs 'He wanted blood. He cut the guy to pieces. He cut off his cock and nuts and breasts.... He enjoys doing it and that is very dangerous for the Family....' 'That's power,' William stated, then read on. From William Burroughs' mouth, Puzo is fucking alarming. ( via ) Of course. Burroughs' mouth could have made the ingredients on a candy bar wrapper alarming. Not everyone who actually met Burroughs was fortunate enough to be around when he was in a vodka and coke frenzy. In fact, some meetings were down-right uneventful... Have I ever mentioned that I myself once attempted to head up the notorious Rewrite Department? "The Other Half was only one aspect of Operation Rewrite - Heavy metal addicts picketed the Rewrite Office, exploding in protest - Control addicts prowled the streets trying to influence waiters, lavatory attendants, clochards, and were to be seen on every corner of the city hypnotizing chickens - A few rich control addicts were able to surround themselves with latahs and sat on the terraces of expensive cafes with remote cruel smiles unaware i wrote last cigarette - "My God what a mess - Just keep all those jokers out of the Rewrite Room is all" -
Varla Dayne
The Educational System Was Designed to Keep Us Uneducated and Docile How can I make such a bold statement? How do I know why America's public school system was designed the way it was (age-segregated, six to eight 50-minute classes in a row announced by Pavlovian bells, emphasis on rote memorization, lorded over by unquestionable authority figures, etc.)? Because the men who designed, funded, and implemented America's formal educational system in the late 1800s and early 1900s wrote about what they were doing. ( via )
What really happened at Port Chicago in 1944, a nuclear explosion? A major disaster, such as that of Port Chicago, can always remain a mystery - and often time sparks the interest of 'conspiracy theorists.' In most cases, time erodes the evidence, But in the case of Port Chicago time has not wiped out the evidence - the U.S. military and scientific community are good record keepers. Because of the existing records on Port Chicago, the court martial of 50 black sailors, various records from Los Alamos, and reports from nuclear agencies and the media provide a succinct road map to the Port Chicago disaster. ( via )
Oh goody goody... U.S., N. Korea Drifting Toward War, Perry Warns Former defense secretary William Perry warned that the United States and North Korea are drifting toward war, perhaps as early as this year, in an increasingly dangerous standoff that also could result in terrorists being able to purchase a North Korean nuclear device and plant it in a U.S. city. N Korea on path to war with US A senior American politician has warned that North Korea and the United States could go to war as early as this year over Pyongyang's alleged nuclear weapons programme.
Philip K. Dick: "Over the years it seems to me that by subtle but real degrees the world has come to resemble a PKD novel. Several freaks have even accused me of bringing on the modern world by my novels. My writing deals with hallucinated worlds, intoxicating and deluding drugs, and psychosis. But my writing acts as an antidote, a detoxifying, not intoxicating, antidote. Also, I should mention, I'm dead..."
Researchers try to clean nuclear sites with microbes Scientists are experimenting with some unusual species of bacteria that can thrive by cleaning up radioactive wastes left over from the Cold War when nuclear weapons plants across the country were running full blast. ( via )
They Came To Attack Us "This will protect you..." ( via )
What's the trendiest way to protest government cybersnooping? Spam. That's the idea behind SuPerVillainizer, an automated "conspiracy" app that churns out emails peppered with words and phrases designed to trigger Switzerland's electronic surveillance system. SuPerVillainizer is about creating profiles of villains, rogues, bad guys, and scapegoats, equipping them with real email accounts at a Swiss provider, uniting them into conspiracies, and then watching as the villains start to automatically communicate with each other using SuPerVillainizer-generated conspiracy content, infiltrating the carefully planned surveillance system with more and more disinfoming mails every day. ( via )
RFID Industry Confidential Memos Cryptome has learned www.autoidcenter.org (RFID flak) has made internal memos available for perusal at their site. Those RFID people sure have some interesting plans for the future. Who needs conspiracy theories, when you can hear it from the horses mouth... So just dont buy anything you're not willing to throw in the microwave for 10 seconds... Which creates an interesting problem when buying a tin-foil hat, I suppose...
Shadow of extinction Suddenly, the events of a quarter of a billion years ago begin to look very topical indeed. One of the possible endings of the human story has already been told. Our principal political effort must now be to ensure that it does not become set in stone. ( via )
Land of the Free ...give us your tired--exhausted by the president's gruesome masking of realpolitik behind the ideals of freedom and fear of the foreign zealot; give us your poor naturalized Pakistanis now caught by Homeland Security as "enemies domestic"; give us your stoners, who for matters of juridical convenience can now buy marijuana without fear of criminal prosecution; and give us your queers, so they can create a brand-new dimension to the Canadian wedding planner economy. ( via )
Who's Watching You Surf? The Justice Department's reluctance to release more details of its investigations, only allows people to speculate and create nervousness and shrill commentary, when most of us just want the facts... sleep... The fears expressed are unfounded and irrational... sleep... They have a conclusion that somehow there have already been infringements upon our civil liberties, and they try to create a picture of this growing Big Brotherism... sleep... Government agents are targeting only suspected criminals... sleep... It should give comfort to the American people that electronic surveillance is not running amok and out of control... zzzzz..." ( via )
The internet is shit ( via )
Lightning hits preacher after call to God "...he just kept asking God what else he needed to say. He was asking for a sign and he got one." Lightning strikes woman's tongue stud A flash of lightning bounced off a nearby archway and hit her in the face, where it was conducted by the metal jewellery in her tongue.
Open Government Information Awareness "The Open Government Information Awareness suite of software tools acts as a framework for US citizens to construct and analyze a comprehensive database on our government. Modeled on recent government programs designed to consolidate information on individuals into massive databases, our system does the opposite, allowing you to scrutinize those in government."
Advice for Satanic Web Page Design A Satanic web site must be extremely graphics intensive. Use large graphics on every page of your site and do not use compression. Bandwidth is not a problem for true Satanists who have all petitioned the Dark One for T1 connections or better. And for those with lesser connections due to their inadequate belief, the extended load times prove invaluable for reflection upon the power of Lucifer. ( via )
Cannot find Weapons of Mass Destruction
I Survived Toronto ( via )
Denounce Newswire: All the news that never happened. Recognized around the world as the best source for completely fictional news and information... ( via )
Space impact 'saved Christianity' It would have been quite an impressive sight and, if it really was what Constantine saw, could have turned the tide of the conflict. But what would have happened if this chance event - perhaps as rare as once every few thousand years - had not occurred in Italy at that time? ( via )
Get your ass to Mars ... ( via )
Satan's Little Helpers In the "free world," Satan has found the liberal media makes for an effective tool for guiding and controlling society. The liberal media is not only the devil's best device for corrupting human society; it's his most diabolical device. The finger of blame is rarely ever pointed at the liberal media for society's ills. This is because the press is in charge of fixing the blame. ( via )
A maybe state of mind Thirty years ago on July 23, 1973, Robert Anton Wilson got a message from an extraterrestrial from Sirius. Or maybe it was a 6-foot tall white rabbit from County Kerry. Whoever Wilsons messenger was (he concedes that maybe he was just talking to himself), it came just in time. ...also, just in time to save me from being a Cosmic Schmuck, my own copy of the limited edition Maybe Logic DVD arrived today! Including a bearer card that makes me a TZAR - authorized by The House of The Apostles Of Eris - I wanted to be a POPE, but what the hell, you pays your money, you takes your chances...
Where Are You, Beloved General? As one of the first Western journalists allowed in since North Korea's latest nuclear crisis with the United States began last fall, I experience first-hand the paranoia that marks everyday life for North Koreans. For seven days I am watched, followed and fed propaganda. From doctors to parsons, everyone I am introduced to -- and I have no choice about whom I meet -- parrots the same line: hatred of the Americans, matched only by their love of the "Great Leader," Kim Jong Il.
The Socialist Pledge of Allegiance Possibly someday historians can explain why so many Americans came to consider the Pledge of Allegiance a sign of the utmost patriotism... I don't see a pledge or loyalty oath for nave children in the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, the Federalist Papers, or any of the writings of the Founding Fathers. Maybe someday people will pledge their allegiance to the US Constitution and not to a piece of cloth.
Alabamians fear chemical disaster In Anniston and the cities and towns nearby, people talk a lot about "the plume"  an accidentally released toxic cloud  and how fast it might move over their homes and schools. The mood hovers between paranoia and imminent panic, giving the city the pending doom feel of an old Twilight Zone episode. In an eerie preview of what life might be like in a future chemical attack by terrorists, people who live within 6 miles of the incinerator have been issued protective plastic hoods, portable air filters, duct tape and plastic and told to prepare a "safe room" in their homes.
God fled Heaven to escape an audacious demon attack -- a celestial Tet Offensive. The demons smashed to dust his palace of beautiful blue-moon marble. TV news kept it secret, but homeless children in shelters across the country report being awakened from troubled sleep and alerted by dead relatives. No one knows why God has never reappeared, leaving his stunned angels to defend his earthly estate against assaults from Hell. ...after two World Wars and numerous worldwide religio-blood feuds and holocausts, some of them going on as we speak, a century of unmitigated misery and darkness has passed, where we have seen probably the largest number of victims of torture and violent death in the history of the planet. It has made more people than ever face the dark side of existence. More people are ambivalent about being told by mainstream religiosity that they are being "tested" by this all-powerful God, who frequently seems unwilling or unable to take the time out to differentiate between the good guys and the bad guys, especially when small children are involved . ( via )
Neil Armstrong - The Awful Truth Previously suppressed footage discovered by blogjam shows that Armstrong's reaction was a great deal more uninhibited than history suggests, and that a hasty editing job was needed to prepare the astronaut's moment of glory for broadcast.
Was Blackout Due to Nuke Plant Sabotage? Canadian Broadcasting Corp. Radio One is stating that the problem began with a disruption at a nuclear power plant in Pennsylvania, while President Bush stated that the primary cause was a lightning strike at a power plant in New York. We've discovered that a U.S. soldier was arrested last Saturday when we was caught trying to plant an explosive at a nuclear power plant in Florida.
Behold the Oracle of Starbucks Personality type: Asshat You carry around philosophy books you haven't read and wear trendy wire-rimmed glasses even though you have perfect vision. You've probably added an accent to your name or changed the pronunciation to seem sophisticated. You hang out in coffee shops because you don't have a job because you got your degree in French Poetry. People who drink doppio espresso con panna are notorious for spouting off angry, liberal opinions about issues they don't understand. Also drinks: Any drink with a foreign name Can also be found at: The other, locally owned coffee shop you claim to like better (submitted via watcherjohn)
Druid focuses Earth's energy on road toll The Druids have put up huge roadside monoliths to restore the natural flow of "earth energy". After the one tonne pillars of white quartz were erected beside a notorious stretch of road during a secret two-year trial, the number of fatal accidents fell from an average of six a year to zero.
Welcome to Brainwashington D.C. A friend of mine coined the term 'Brainwashington' after watching the media-coverage in the wake of the 9-11 terror attacks on New York and Washington. A joke at first, but now, nearly 2 years after these attacks, and after investigating and writing on this case since Sep 12th - I have to admit: it's quite serious. I think we all have become witnesses and victims of the biggest brainwashing operation in history. ( via )
National Prayer Day ...we have organized a special gathering to pray to God for Fox News Channel blowhard Bill O'Reilly's death. This serious gathering will truly take place, however if O'Reilly dies, it must be God's will. ( via )
Introvertster Beta ...an online community that prevents stupid people and friends from harrassing you online.
Marijuana-logues - Smoke Em If You Got Em ( via )
Corporate Fallout Detector ...reads barcodes off of consumer products, and makes a noise similar to a gieger counter of varying intensity based on the social or environmental record of the company that produces the product. ( via )
Evil GOP Bastards Not to be confused with Stupid Evil Bastards ... ( via )
(1) There has to be an objective truth to the universe, and humans have to be able to access it. (2) Otherwise, there would be anarchy everywhere. (3) No courts or governments or anything. (4) [non-believer falls out of her chair from laughing so hard] (5) Therefore, God exists. ( via )
Threat Alert Jesus: The Deity of Homeland Security ( via )
Poindexter to Resign "The problem is that these projects were just fine with the administration until the public found out about them The lesson seems to be that you can do whatever you want quietly, so long as it doesn't become a public embarrassment." So. It doesn't matter how stupid or degrading your projects for the Pentagon are - just don't let anyone find out about them. That's comforting to know.
...make that moniker  cheap-labor conservatives  you're "standard reference" to the other side. One of the last revisions I made to this article was to find every reference to "conservatives", "Republicans", "right-wingers", and "righties", and replace it with "cheap-labor conservatives". In fact, if you're a cheap-labor conservative reading this, you should be getting sick of that phrase right about now. Exxxxcellent. ( via )
Bob isn't working...
Tale of the Radioactive Boy Scout Publicly, the employees of the Environmental Protection Agency that day said there was nothing to fear. The truth is far more bizarre... The cleanup was provoked by the boy next door... He had attempted to build a nuclear reactor in his mother's shed following a Boy Scout merit-badge project. ( via )
Anomalies hint at magnetic pole flip The last reversal happened about 780,000 years ago, over a period of several thousand years. Now Gauthier Hulot from the Institute of Earth Sciences in Paris and his colleagues think they have spotted early signs of another reversal.
ATTENTION ALBUQUERQUE: CEASE TRANSMISSION. REPEAT. CEASE TRANSMISSION. NATIONAL SECURITY ITEM . DO NOT TRANSMIT.
British Step-by-step bomb guide 'made public' The files are said to relate to the construction of Blue Danube, the first British atomic bomb, which was built in the late 1940s and early 1950s. It is also said to describe various ways in which such a bomb could be smuggled into the country.
The Lone Gunmen Are Dead In an astounding move after the cancellation of the show, Chris Carter killed off the Lone Gunmen... You don't suspect this is profound in a Blake's 7 sort of way? Those who oppose tyrannical governments always have to be shown being put down in the end, right?
School chiefs sorry for telling pupils about 'UK nuclear blast' The 15 and 16-year-olds at Bushfield Community College in Peterborough were told the end of the world was a few minutes away. The children were even encouraged to ring their parents to say goodbye.
Don't let the terrorists win...
Turner Classic Paranoia ...they truly don't  and couldn't  make post-apocalypse pictures like this anymore. ...today's pessimism doesn't come close to the misanthropy, dashed dreams and nuclear fears of the '70s. Or maybe it was the cocaine.
The Judy's ...Radiation Squirm only briefly mentions nuclear waste - it's actually a song about dancing. Hows Gary (a song about convicted murderer Gary Gilmore who fought the court system demanding execution instead of life in prison) offers no insight on the issue of capital punishment. Vacation In Tehran is obviously about the Iranian hostage crisis, but what does the song mean? Are we to think for a moment that the song is to be taken literally? Certainly not. Dogs is a look inside the mind of serial killer "Son of Sam". Why? Good question.
Apocalypse made easy A top-secret U.S. government scenario for the aftermath of nuclear war reveals something truly scary -- cockeyed optimism.
American Democracy R.I.P. Historians will record that between November 2000 and February 2002, democracy--as envisioned by the creators of the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitutioneffectively came to an end. Viewed within the acid bath of wealth maximization, 911 became an unexpected bonus for The State in its mission to build the fascist and theocratic underpinnings of its government. With a frightened Congress, receptive corporate media, and a largely uneducated and nervous public, The State brilliantly orchestrated the destruction of the open society.
Microsoft guru: Stamp out HTTP "We have engineered the hell out of it... think of HTTP as the "cockroach of the Internet" because after the holocaust it will be the only protocol left standing."
Rate My Gas Mask ...is designed to be a fun way to show your gasmask pictures and/or vote your opinion of pictures submitted by users of this website. Home made gas masks will be accepted.
Powered Exoskeletons In The Near Future? Wearing a device built to DARPA specs, a grunt, without grunting, could heft 400 pounds, including bigger weapons, bulletproof armor, better communications devices, and more food, and remain continuously active for at least four hours. Exoskeletons could be optimized for other combat tasks, too, such as running much faster than ordinary humans, jumping over fences, or picking up rubble during rescue efforts. Add a soupon of artificial intelligence and the suit could save its wearer if he is wounded. "You could send a command to take this guy home," says Stephen Jacobsen, CEO of Sarcos.
Coop: All the Best Curves Anton said, "What you're doing with your work and your life is Satanic," and that's why he made me a priest. I thought that was a terrific honor. But I don't have to run around in a cape and scare people or anything.
The Residents Official News Blog and Website Wrapper Featuring The Residents Official 404 Page ...
New technology from 'black world' Welcome to black world technology -- the discrepancy in the defense budgets no-one can explain, and the programs which politicians and officials have the right to deny even exist.
People need to learn that what they see on television isn't real.
The UN is Evil
The Commie Commandments vs. Amerika Religious conservatives claim that the Ten Commandments supplied the moral grounding for the establishment of America. But is that even possible? Let's put aside the historical question of what sources the Founding Fathers, mostly Deists, drew upon. The deeper question is: can a nation of freedom, individualism and the pursuit of happiness be based on the Ten Commandments? ( via )
The Lobster is Out There, Scully...
Mars Attacks! Yesterday, armed forces from Mars took advantage of the close proximity of our two worlds and staged an attempted invasion of Earth. The attack began in England and in New Jersey and spread to other parts of the globe. The occupants of several cylinders landing in southern California destroyed several upscale neighborhoods after obtaining drivers licenses and registering to vote. Several State Department officials profess that our primary task should be to seek to understand why the Martians hate us. Some posit that they are simply reacting to American imperialism that threatens Lunar independence. Noam Chomsky warned against escalating tensions... ( via )
Civilization to End Soon, Does Anybody Care? Petroleum geologists have known for 50 years that global oil production would "peak" and begin its inevitable decline within a decade of the year 2000. Moreover, no renewable energy systems have the potential to generate more than a tiny fraction of the power now being generated by fossil fuels. In short, the end of oil signals the end of civilization, as we know it...
The Truth is Out There, Robby A trail of Internet clues has fingered Robert "Robby" Todino, as the source of the time-travel messages. In a telephone interview, Robby admitted that he has sent nearly 100 million of the bizarre messages since November 2001. The messages appealed to anyone who was a "time traveler or alien disguised as human" and stated that the sender's life had been "severely tampered with" and he needed "temporal reversion" to correct it. Robby insists that he is "perfectly mentally stable," and that the time-travel technology he seeks is out there somewhere...
SECRET INTERNATIONAL JEWISH CONSPIRACY LLP ...you must delete or shred this document immediately. Do not pass it on to anyone, including non-Jews or other puppets we control. See you at tonight's board meeting at the usual location, and please be on time - we have a lot to cover on the agenda. Don't forget to bring the danishes and those chocolate mini-croissants. You know how Elvis, JFK and those Roswell guys love them. ( via )
Cosmic Reality Check ...the universe is flat. Forget all that mind-boggling space-time-is-curved stuff. Euclid was right all along. And the space-time pancake will expand infinitely. There's no such thing as an end to this particular universe. Everything we can see or touch, everything material and physical, is mere fat in the cosmic milk. Everything we thought was important is a tiny fraction of what's really going on.
Sun Ras 'Space Is the Place' After having traveled through space in a yellow spaceship propelled by music, Sun Ra finds a planet he believes could serve as a new home for the black race. Returning to earth, he lands in Oakland, Calif. circa 1972 and has to fight The Overseer, a supernatural villain who pimps out the black race. Sun Ra offers those who would follow him into space an "alter-destiny," but the Overseer, the FBI, and NASAwho are after Ra's Black Space Programultimately force him to return to space before the destruction of Earth. ( via )
Smart Dust Collecting in the Enterprise "Yes, personal privacy is getting harder and harder to come by. Every technology has a dark side - deal with it. As an engineer, or a scientist, or a hair stylist, everyone needs to evaluate what they do in terms of its positive and negative effect. If I thought that the negatives of working on this project were larger than or even comparable to the positives, I wouldn't be working on it. As it turns out, I think that the potential benefits of this technology far, far outweigh the risks to personal privacy."
Ask Jan-Michael Vincent any question!
I have a telephone in my tooth I did not ask for it, nor did i give my permission to have it implanted, nor have I been informed of it properly in the nine years that I have had it. Radio-active devices possibly linked to dogs and snakes with chips modulate the device on a neurological level. I am constantly being harassed via the device. Most of the neighbors have dogs and they are used as relays. It appears most neighbors are involved in radio harassment via dogs. The man to my west seems to be the ring leader. One deadly effect is making me "bark" involuntarily... ( via )
The Story So Far. . . Since those two towers fell Sitting in a Sushi joint with a couple of friends. The television was on. "President Bush has deployed ships to Afghanistan." "Hm. That quick ," I noted, feeling surreal and queasy. My friend nodded. "Oh yes. Americans don't waste any time when they go insane." We ate our raw fish and pondered the end of the world...
Best of CNN Infographics ( via )
Realm of the Raelians Vorilhon claims the secret service of France and America's CIA have been trying to eliminate him because he's dangerous . The name of their secret extermination operation: The Abraham Project. According to his theory, the mentally ill would be used as agents to assassinate him and carry out other crimes. Schizophrenics would obey voices emitted by audio systems secretly installed in their homes. ( via )
Satan-says: Documenting evil phenomena ( via )
China Launches Its First Piloted Spaceflight While one of the strongest immediate motivations for this program appears to be political prestige, China's efforts almost certainly will contribute to improved military space systems... China Wants Manned Base on the Moon Whoever first conquers the moon will benefit first...
Some mutants aren't as lucky as others... ( via )
Ted Jesus Christ GOD, or TJCG, as his friends call him... "...and key words and key numbers and LightSide Online or They Media Messages then and then the nuclear secret hard disk showing up in the X-Division behind a copier machine and Xmas and Christmas and X FOR MANY THINGS CORRELATES TO CHRIST and in the Christ-Division and ATOMIC AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS ARE THE WEAPONS AND SWORD OF CHOICE FOR DROPPING OR KILLING SATAN OR DEVIL AND ALL DEMONS and FROM THE HELP OF MANY ANGELS OF LIGHT EARTH IS GETTING TO MAXIMUM FIRE POWER AND MANY STAGES ARE GETTING SET..." ( via )
IMDB Message Board: "The Core" 2003 HAARP uses Nikola Tesla's concepts, Nikola Tesla is the brains of HAARP and this internet technology and everything else that keeps the USA strong and powerful, ask any government source dealing in Teleforce, Telegeodynamics, Geology and world religions. Research Dr. Azzacove (Russian who disappeared along with his crew , who lead the drilling project and had to stop in 1989 for unexpected reasons ), Nikola Tesla, giant tube worms, Biblical Numbers, and the Peace talks currently going on right now, research the person in charge, you should know which peace talks to research . Reach the inner core from north and south (military leaders are also involved in this), secure hole, launch teleforce-rocket from south with crew of 2, when rocket reaches inner core launch secret energy boost... The mission will be successful because of the Pope's influence and top secret artifacts. What they are about to do is release something that should not be released. The earth was designed to keep this entity inside. The entity in whole will jump into the person in charge of the peace talks. The world will have 3 years after that moment to come to a decision, the entity can not survive afterwards, only 3 years and so months.
( via )
( via )
Congratulations California. We Texans now pass the National Dumbshit Award to you. Wear it proudly. Hey, we're rednecks. What's your excuse?
Just in time for xmas... The CIA has declassified over 18,000 pages of documents on extensive mind control programs carried out since the early 1950s. Through the Freedom of Information Act, you can order these documents in the form of four CDs directly from the government for only $30. ( via )
Technology, madness and hope ...new technology can sometimes be too alien for people to handle. An invasion of "alien technology" has already happened. It's called Napster, Kazaa and other weird names (probably related to Klaatu). And how is the recording industry reacting to this arrival? With lawyers waving writs, suing kids and demanding tough laws. If that's the way the world greets new technology, we're all in trouble. ( via )
Comic Izzard tipped as new Dr Who Tom Baker, the fourth man to play the Time Lord, told BBC Radio Five Live that the "mysterious and strange" Izzard had landed the part. But the corporation says no final decision has been made on who will star in the TV show when it returns in 2005.
Too little oil for global warming Oil and gas will run out too fast for doomsday global warming scenarios to materialise... all the fuel will be burnt before there is enough carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to realise predictions of melting ice caps and searing temperatures.
Apocalypsopolis We may pretend to support vaguely-defined popular values to trick the public into obeying us, but we must be clear in our own minds about our goals: The extermination of nature, the extermination of humans, and the founding of a new control-based mode of life. ( via )
Yes, the links on all the recent posts are fubar-ed. Its a redesign thing. In other words... I meant to do that. Oh hell, it'll all come out in the wash. What did I miss while I was out scavenging computer parts from the wasteland? From American Samizdat - If The Shoe Were On The Other Foot Suppose that some time in late 2000, Russian and Chinese leaders, with the covert support of some other national leaders, were convinced that the US election results had been materially altered by a small right-wing clique, and that as a result the US was in fact no longer a democracy, and its weapons of mass destruction, now apparently in the hands of an unelected, psychopathic and illegitimate group of radical religious extremists, posed an imminent threat to world peace. And suppose that as a consequence Russian and Chinese forces were sent to quickly and decisively intervene to bring about 'regime change' in the US and return the country to stability. Operation Northwoods "The whole point of a democracy is to have leaders responding to the public will, and here this is the complete reverse, the military trying to trick the American people into a war that they want but that nobody else wants." From Stare - Invasion Of The Doll People Keels book was indeed prophetic; the new control system emerged as Mass Media, which is essentially a doll culture. Our media personalities behave much like those observed entities. More than 30 years later, we now know what Keels idea of reprogramming really aimed to do to destroy the OFF switch. We are all Americans now, whether we like it or not. Woman Who Filed Sex Suit Against Bush Dead It's another weird tragedy surrounding the Bush administration - and this one has received NO mention from the media. From The Hive - The Zen of CounterInsurgency: Pt. 1 Quoted this week in NewsMax.com, General Tommy Franks issued baldly that the U.S. Constitution will probably need to be scrapped, in favor of some form of military dictatorship. Citing the blanket-spectre of "terrorist threats," he reasoned that the U.S. would need to come under lockdown and Total Control via the U.S. military...for our own good. And just like that, General Franks sets the stage for a Second American Revolution.
Gen. Franks Doubts Constitution Will Survive WMD Attack Gen. Tommy Franks says that if the United States is hit with a weapon of mass destruction that inflicts large casualties, the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government.
Depp to star in Rum Diary It was 1959. Fired for kicking in a candy machine at a small-town newspaper, Hunter S. Thompson fled to Puerto Rico, where his vagrant journalist lifestyle inspired his first novel, The Rum Diary. Yes! The Rum Diary rocks... can't wait...
RIP Nuclear Waste Since the start of the nuclear era, highly radioactive waste has been crossing continents and oceans in search of a secure and final resting place. Nearly all countries produce nuclear waste, some types of which can remain radioactive for thousands of years, but they cannot agree on the best way to store it.
MUTE ...protects your privacy by avoiding direct connections with your sharing partners in the network. Most other file sharing programs use direct connections to download or upload, making your identity available to spies from the RIAA and other unscrupulous organizations. ( via )
AOL now filtering based on whether they like embedded URLs ( via )
B Kliban Picture Gallery ( via )
Meet Crazy Tammy He handed over the book. It was more than I could have ever dreamed. A 3-ring binder, reeking of cigarettes, bursting with over 500 pages of sweet, sweet schizo goodness. The front page reads, in giant letters: THIS IS ONLY 1/4 OF THE WRITTEN MATERIAL I HAVE BEEN SENDING YOU AND OTHER LAW AGENCIES ..and from there, it descends into madness. ( via )
APOCALYPSE CARTOONS
{Welcome to Meme-tream 23} Your default gateway into a river of information contagia...
The Unified Field Crossover History of the Universe Cue theramin. ( via )
( via )
The Story of Mouseland by Tommy Douglas You see, my friends, the trouble wasn't with the colour of the cat. The trouble was that they were cats. And because they were cats, they naturally looked after cats instead of mice. Presently there came along one little mouse who had an idea. My friends, watch out for the little fellow with an idea. And he said to the other mice, "Look fellows, why do we keep electing a government made up of cats? Why don't we elect a government made up of mice?" "OH," they said, "he's a Bolshevik. Lock him up!" So they put him in jail. But I want to remind you: That you can lock up a mouse or a man but you can't lock up an idea. ( via ) Ship of Fools by Ted Kaczynski Alright then, answered the cabin boy. These issues are not petty and trivial. Kicking the dog is cruel and brutal and it is humiliating to be called a fruit. But in comparison to our real problem  in comparison to the fact that the ship is still heading north  your grievances are petty and trivial, because if we dont get this ship turned around soon, were all going to drown. Fascist! said the professor. Counterrevolutionary! said the lady passenger. And all of the passengers and crew chimed in one after another, calling the cabin boy a fascist and a counterrevolutionary. They pushed him away and went back to grumbling about wages, and about blankets for women, and about the right to suck cocks, and about how the dog was treated. The ship kept sailing north, and after a while it was crushed between two icebergs and everyone drowned.
The Christmas Conspiracy We've all heard of "conspiracy" theories of history. Great events in history didn't "just happen," we are told, but they were planned by conspiratorial architects, acting in secret, hiding their true intentions from the ignorant masses, and carried out by dedicated, brainwashed, or fanatical followers. The founding of the Federal Reserve System, the assassinations of both Kennedys, Martin Luther King, and even John Lennon, were all planned beforehand by people in high places, in order to solidify their power. At least some people think so. Even if all these conspiracy theories are true, they pale in significance compared to the greatest conspiracy of them all: The Christmas Conspiracy. This conspiracy is no mere theory, but inescapable fact. ( via )
Atomic Movie Posters ( via )
Coffee-houses: The internet in a cup ...those who assembled day after day in the Caf de Procope saw, with penetrating glance, in the depths of their black drink, the illumination of the year of the revolution. ( via )
THE TRIAL OF SADDAM HUSSEIN
There must be a plot to bring back the conspiracy theory The mystery that shrouds the battle against terrorism would probably have given rise to conspiracy theories even without the war in Iraq. But the combination of a war justified by questionable premises, political polarization and governmental secrecy seems on pace to deliver what might be dubbed "The Conspiracy-Theory Election of 2004." ( via )
DR. BUSHLOVE- IT AIN'T A JOKE, ANYMORE! There is NO SUCH THING as a "safe" nuclear weapon. And Bush's decision to skirt treaty obligations by converting, rather than destroying existing nuclear stockpiles is dangerous, and reprehensible. The development of the RNEP is just another in a long line of lame-brain concepts that have issued forth from the White House and the Pentagon since Bush usurped the presidency.
Flying Saucer May Yet Take Flight ...a completely curved plane -- an honest-to-God flying saucer. "It's what originated many people's belief in flying saucers. Anyone on a lot of drugs would think it was a flying saucer."
Basically sTaRe has been shut down by the hosting company, and I'm still trying to get a legitimate reason from them. Every time I call, I get another reason and when I show them that they are wrong, they change the reason. (!?) So far they have accused us of: *Sorry, it's a billing error. When I told them to check their invoice records and see that we're prepaid until the end of Q4 2004 the reason changed to- *We were shut down due to our hosting of "inappropriate material" When pushed to define, inappropriate and point out WHAT on our site fit this description, they switched to- *Accusing us of using incunabula.org for spamming. When I challenged them to produce evidence of this I was told by the manager, in these EXACT words: " We can shut off your account whenever we want to and we don't have to give you a reason !" When I reminded him that we have been a customer in good standing and have even referred several clients to them and that maybe we could simply be allowed copy only FTP access so we could back up our assets and move hosting services since they obviously weren't interested in keeping us as a customer, he said, "Maybe, but probably not." I then replied, "Let me get this straight. You're saying, we've been shut down and locked out, it's not about billing but you can't be specific about what it is exactly that caused you to do this and I have to not only live with that answer, eat the prepaid that I'm losing, but also lose my web assets, move my host (more costs to me), and more for...well, you can't exactly say why, but that I should do all this because you can make me. End of story?" His reply. "Yep." Spread it far and wide. The hosting service is called: Hostsave.com
This is Your Brain on Propaganda Does reading this quip make you feel woozy? Good! This is your brain on propaganda. And the fact that it makes you ill is a very healthy sign.
Smart soldiers decided to flee the Rings battle It's the greatest and most spectacular battle in the Lord of the Rings trilogy. But filmmakers faced one surprising challenge - how to keep the computer-generated soldiers from fleeing the battlefield.
You are a Tortured Conceptual Artist. Your fellow postmodernists call you an anachronism, but you've never cared much about the opinions of others. After all, most of them are far too simple-minded to appreciate the nuances of your work. They talk, while you are part of a lived tradition. What kind of postmodernist are you!? brought to you by Quizilla ( via )
Rumsfeld A political flash movie based on the Seinfeld series... ( via )
Heinlein's long-lost first novel 'For Us, the Living' also includes one chilling incident, a surprise attack on the island of Manhattan by two giant helicopters that flood the island with poison gas, killing 80 per cent of the population. The helicopters are based on aircraft carriers and the attack comes when the United States is at war with Argentina, Brazil and Chile in December 2003.
Could Segways replace soldiers as hired killers? The enchanted minds at DARPA have funded the Segway Robotic Mobility Platform, which is a modified version of the fabled scooter designed for more military pursuits. Armed with various sensors, hardware add-ons, and software packages of their own design, the groups are hoping to prove the Segway could be used to perform scouting operations, recover wounded troops or even one-day do battle.
LibertyThink.com founder ''Valis'' Framed: Legal Advice Needed
Prisoners may get a new twist on being put "in the hole"... courtesy of private enterprise and "faith-based initiatives". Rehabilitation center proposed at SSC Waxahachie county and city officials last week met with representatives of a faith-based work ethics organization about the possibility of turning the Superconducting Super Collider property into a rehabilitation center for criminal offenders. ...talks with Dallas-based Corrections Concepts Inc./Born Again Corp. (yes, take a few minutes to laugh and then continue reading) are in the very preliminary stages and that its not yet time for everybody to go home and get their guns. Corrections Concepts Inc./Born Again Corp. would convert the property into an enclosed compound and would receive inmates from other places. There, the prisoners, all of whom would be nearing the end of their sentenced incarceration, would manufacture widgets. Faith-based rehabilitation Corrections Concepts Inc., the entity from Dallas that is exploring the possibility of turning the former Superconducting Super Collider site into a religious-based rehabilitation center for prison inmates, has been lobbying for years to convince policymakers at every level that recidivism rates would be vastly reduced if willing criminal offenders were taught a marketable skill and offered spiritual guidance. Offenders would be required to sign a contract promising full participation in the program, with one exception. Inmates would not be required to attend group worship services, Bible classes or the like. Differences in religious practice would be accommodated without discrimination, hostility or interference. Every employee would be a born-again Christian." (do I really need to comment here?) Court to hear CCI proposal The habilitation centers as CCI calls them would serve minimum/medium-security inmates nearing the end of their incarceration by teaching them a marketable skill and giving them experience in it; allowing them to earn money for savings, spending, family support and victim restitution; and guiding them with Christian concepts. Prisoners who violate the terms of their participation would be sent back. Other proposals for the SSC have included... a Counter-Terror Training Camp Once the tunnels are excavated, they would make ideal models for soldiers training for battle in cave networks. They could also be used for training police and fire officials who might need to practice maneuvers inside situations like sewer systems or subway tunnels.
The future of mind control Cloning is the subject of fierce debate, with proposals for wholesale bans. Yet when it comes to neuroscience, no government or treaty stops anything. ...neuroscientists have been left largely to their own devices, restrained only by standard codes of medical ethics and experimentation. This relative lack of regulation and oversight has produced a curious result. When it comes to the brain, society now regards the distinction between treatment and enhancement as essentially meaningless.
Quadrant Sign Code - EXPOSED! Any troops under the UN/NATO umbrella (including Russia and China) are privy to these sign codes, which we believe pose a serious breech and threat to our national security. These codings could also aid and help lead the terrorists themselves to vital electrical power stations which support the grid, water sources, nuclear plants, and military bases. These are ALL marked with tacmar codes across the U.S.
Take this brother may it serve you well...
August 2002: Ashcroft's Hellish Vision Since the nation will never be entirely safe from terrorism, liberty has become a mere rhetorical justification for increased security. Ashcroft is a catalyst for constitutional devolution, encouraging citizens to accept autocratic rule as their only way of avoiding massive terrorist attacks. His greatest problem has been preserving a level of panic and fear that would induce a free people to surrender the rights so dearly won by their ancestors. November 2003: Police-State-Patriotism John Ashcroft has already demonstrated to the people of this nation that little evidence is required prior to incarceration. If I am not mistaken, Heinrich Himmler originally intended his camps to be used for political nonconformists, and others suspected as enemies of the German "Fatherland." Does it not gnaw on your sense of security to know that the Attorney General and President can condemn--through an unconstitutionally clandestine "committee"--any citizen as an "enemy combatant" of the American "Homeland"?
You'll never notice you are dyin' Just as long as you keep buyin' (34 megs, so right click and download) ( via )
Now there's a look in your eyes, Like black holes in the sky...
THE ZERO FILES / Shadowy realms of mind control and paranoia, all in the hands of the FBI Each describes a unique delusion, a single person's fantasy committed to paper and recorded for posterity. Conspiracy theories. Claims of paranormal abilities. Celebrity fantasies. To flip through the Zero Files is to peer into a palimpsest of lunacy, a travelogue of realms where the residents wish very much to leave... ( via )
Alien Sex! Bombs! Robots! Pathos! We realized the only way we could improve on the original is if the Cylons could have sex. The chrome-domed 'walking toasters' from the original TV series are succeeded by -- well, really hot blond chicks, who infiltrate human society to engineer its doom.
Where is Lee Harvey Oswald now that we really need him? ( via )
See You on the Darknet - Why we don't really want Internet security I have a game I play whenever I read an essay on politics written by a techie: How long until the first reference to George Orwell?
Russia Scoffs at U.S. Mars Plans Koptev said Bush's plans to send humans back to the moon and then on to Mars were simply connected to his election campaign as had been the case with previous U.S. presidents. "We understand that to a large extent our U.S. colleagues came up with these plans as part of a pre-election campaign," he said, adding funding was the primary barrier.
The Time Travel Tale of John Titor Although there is debate over the exact date it started, a person calling themselves Timetravel_0, and later John Titor, started posting on a public forum that he was a time traveler from the year 2036. Although it may be easy to dismiss all this as science fiction, most people who read his posts agree that there is something very haunting about John Titor and what he said. In addition, and open to more debate, he also made a series of predictions and comments that eerily seem to be coming true.
U.S. Uranium Stock in Peril Security guards at the country's leading nuclear storehouse have been cheating during antiterrorism drills -- perhaps for as long as 20 years. And now, watchdogs in Congress and beyond are questioning whether the tons of enriched uranium at the Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, are really safe at all.
Star Wars, Star Trek, and Killing Politely "One can envision the development of electromagnetic energy sources, the output of which can be pulsed, shaped, and focused, that can couple with the human body in a fashion that will allow one to prevent voluntary muscular movements, control emotions (and thus actions), produce sleep, transmit suggestions, interfere with both short-term and long-term memory, produce an experience set, and delete an experience set." "It would also appear possible to create high fidelity speech in the human body, raising the possibility of covert suggestion and psychological direction. If a pulse stream is used, it should be possible to create an internal acoustic field in the 5-15 kilohertz range, which is audible. Thus, it may be possible to "talk" to selected adversaries in a fashion that would be most disturbing to them." ( via )
The Mind Has No Firewall ...scientists are "searching the electromagnetic and sonic spectrums for wavelengths that can affect human behavior." A recent Russian military article offered a slightly different slant to the problem, declaring that "humanity stands on the brink of a psychotronic war" with the mind and body as the focus. That article discussed Russian and international attempts to control the psycho-physical condition of man and his decisionmaking processes by the use of VHF-generators, "noiseless cassettes," and other technologies. An entirely new arsenal of weapons, based on devices designed to introduce subliminal messages or to alter the body's psychological and data-processing capabilities, might be used to incapacitate individuals. These weapons aim to control or alter the psyche, or to attack the various sensory and data-processing systems of the human organism. In both cases, the goal is to confuse or destroy the signals that normally keep the body in equilibrium. ( via )
America as a One-Party State ...several forces could well enable the Republicans to become the permanent party of autocratic government for at least a generation. Am I exaggerating? Take a close look at the particulars. ( via )
Wilson is a primary source for the ironic style of conspiracism , a sensibility that treats alleged cabals not as intrigues to be exposed or lies to be debunked but as a bizarre mutant mythos to be mined for laughs, metaphors, and social insights. These days, choosing your politics is a matter of choosing who youre more afraid of, the Washington cabal thats openly trying to erase your freedoms or the various foreign cabals that are openly trying to kill you. Like it or not, were living in Robert Anton Wilsons world . ( via )
Microsoft takes on teen's site MikeRoweSoft.com Rowe , a 17-year-old high school senior and Web designer from Victoria, has angered the software giant by registering an Internet site with the address www.MikeRoweSoft.com . "Since my name is Mike Rowe, I thought it would be funny to add 'soft' to the end of it," said Rowe . Microsoft, however, is not amused. ( via ) ...meanwhile, www.MicrosoftKid.com (worlds youngest Microsoft Officer User Specialist) meets Bill Gates... WTF? ( via )
Diana syndrome - we get the conspiracies we deserve Of course, there is nothing new about our fascination with conspiracies. For decades, people have speculated about who really killed President Kennedy. But at least we know for certain that Kennedy was murdered - so that rumours about his demise correspond to something that occurred in reality. Today an accidental death is sufficient to provoke officialdom to search for conspirators. Why? Because of an all-pervasive sense of mistrust in official authority. ( via )
NASA hides the true colours of Mars So the story goes: Richard C. Hoagland , Gene Roddenberry, and Ray Bradbury, are all at NASA watching the first photos of the Martian surface come in from Viking back in the 70's. The first photo looks like the Arizona desert with blue skies. One of them says, "Might expect a prospector and his burro to appear any moment..." They agree. After the first photo, NASA techs scramble to adjust all the video monitors - now all the following photos appear with pink skies. One lone technician wanders around and re-adjusts the monitors for the proper color - he promptly gets arrested. Anyway, thats Richard's story. Or - was it Stanton Friedman? Why is the Sky Blue? ( via )
Mars Mission a Trojan Horse? In stoking interest in a mission to Mars (which may or may not happen), the Bush administration may have figured out a clever way to kill the space shuttle and other costly projects... And there you have it.
Quantum wormholes could carry people All around us are tiny doors that lead to the rest of the Universe. Predicted by Einstein's equations, these quantum wormholes offer a faster-than-light short cut to the rest of the cosmos - at least in principle. Now physicists believe they could open these doors wide enough to allow someone to travel through Our Conscious Mind Could Be An Electromagnetic Field The theory solves many previously intractable problems of consciousness and could have profound implications for our concepts of mind, free will, spirituality, the design of artificial intelligence, and even life and death... X-Files: Science Fact or Fiction? This is where we leave our hero and heroine, heading into their final small-screen adventure, with a baby that could be not entirely human, a mysterious black oil virus possibly floating around the universe and some honked-off aliens. Planet is running out of time Britain will today launch its strongest attack on George Bush's rejection of the Kyoto climate protocol, as the government warns that Washington's actions threaten to make the planet "uninhabitable". Space Weapons For Earth Wars ...for those looking for a celestial "big whopper" of a weapon, how about using natural meteoroids? Good-sized fireballs of metal could be sent to Earth, aimed at targets of choice. These impactors leave a nice crater. Better yet, they leave no radioactive debris. Hey yeah... Bombed you? No, we don't know anything about it. It was a natural disaster, an act of God you know? Online News Stories that Change Behind Your Back "Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past." Either It's BS Or We're All Going To Fucking Die Maybe it's really difficult to buy a nuclear weapon... Or maybe it's easy and we?re all going to fucking die. Cosmic catastrophe 'a certainty' ...many of the great extinctions that regularly punctuate the Earth's history are consistent with being caused by a devastating influx of radiation from space. Mutant viruses order quantum dots A three dimensional grid of quantum dots created and held together by genetically-engineered viruses could enable a new generation of computer displays, memories and even nanoscale computer chips. "Robo-rat" controlled by brain electrodes The age of the living robot is upon us. And all it takes to turn a living rat into a radio-controlled automaton is three electrodes carefully placed in the animal's brain. Simply pressing keys on a computer 500 metres away will then steer the animal over an obstacle course, making it twist, turn and even jump on demand.
Blog of the Day from www.growabrain.net
Welcome to America. Please give us the finger. Smile for the camera. Now get the hell out. Welcome to America, foreign traveler. Please hold still and place your finger here and smile for the camera and enjoy your first taste of our trademark, wickedly ironic and hypocritical joke about America being the land of the free. Is that weird necklace a religious symbol or something? Are those beads filled with white-hot hate for our glorious freedoms and our 24-hour Safeways and our love of low-rise jeans on teenage girls? Are you in some sort of cult? ( via ) Welcome to Brazil. Please give us the finger. Smile for the camera. Now get the hell out. An American Airlines pilot was arrested by Brazilian federal police after making an obscene gesture when being photographed at the airport as part of a newly imposed entry requirement for U.S. citizens. Brazil imposed requirements that Americans be fingerprinted and photographed at entry points in response the similar rules in the United States for citizens of Brazil and other countries whose citizens need visas to enter. ( via )
Alternative Directory
The domination effect In the past, propaganda involved managing the media. Information dominance, by contrast, sees little distinction between command and control systems, propaganda and journalism. They are all types of "weaponized information" to be deployed. As strategic expert Colonel Kenneth Allard noted, the 2003 attack on Iraq "will be remembered as a conflict in which information fully took its place as a weapon of war"... ( via )
Child sexual abuse scandal enrages Portugal 10 people, including top political and TV figures, were charged with sexually abusing minors from a state-run home... Sex scandal divides conservative allies in Chile's Congress The public believes all these people are delinquents and thieves and that they're capable of the worst abuses, even though the proof isn't completely convincing... It never is... Thanks for the (Sordid) Memories From an early age, Brice Taylor was prostituted as a mind controlled sex slave to Presidents John F. Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and then Governor Ronald Reagan. I overheard conversations where the President of the United States and other top politicians were offered the services of escorts,' the CIAs latest human robot technology -- programmed sex and espionage slaves, she writes. They were encouraged to use these escorts to satisfy their sexual and emotional needs, instead of exposing themselves to outside individuals... As I later learned, Project Monarch Beta-trained sex slaves were called Million Dollar Babies referring to the large amount of money each slave would bring in from a very early age. In the 60s, the use of a Project Monarch presidential model sex slave cost around $1200 for an evening. Henry called me his "million dollar machine.'" Kissinger also used her as a human personal computer, accessing her mind files at meetings of the Energy Commission, NATO, the Council on Foreign Relations, Trilateral Commission and House Appropriations on Foreign Trade.
The S factor explains Bush's popularity ...the president's popularity hovers at around 50 percent -- an astonishingly high figure, I believe, given the state of people's lives now as opposed to four years ago. What can explain his popularity? It's not merely that some people are insufficiently intelligent to grasp the nuances of foreign policy, of constitutional law, of macroeconomics or of the variegated interplay of humans and the environment. These aren't the people I'm referring to. The people I'm referring to cannot understand the phenomenon of cause and effect. They're perplexed by issues comprising more than two sides. They don't have the wherewithal to expand the sources of their information. And above all -- far above all -- they don't think. ( via )
Raising the Mars Bar The reason for populating space is to help assure the survival of civilization, both against its own murderous proclivities and in a dangerous universe, by spreading its seed. The Moon is the best place to begin that process because it is close and has the mineral and other constituents necessary to support life. And a settlement would be a very good place to keep a continuously updated archive of our civilization's record as a hedge against a human-created or natural catastrophe on the home planet. ( via )
Raging Against The Machine I don't understand how a US citizen can be arrested for threatening to kill some asshole in a foreign country. Isn't the dispensation of death upon the godless heathens one of our major exports? ( via )
CUNNILINGUS_IN_NORTH_KOREA ( via )
Howard Dean Must Die (an endorsement) If he gets the nomination, and there's enough media attention to prevent vote-rigging, I think they're going to kill him. Then we'll have a revolution. Not the kind of revolution with ten million people rioting in the streets, because of course they'll make it look like an accident or "terrorism," but how about the kind of revolution where a hundred million people feel like they've been punched in the gut, like the world has been pulled out from under them, like that's the last time they ever waste their infinite strength in a system designed to suck it down the toilet. A Dean assassination could do for leftward motion (or saneward motion) what the 9/11 psychological operation did for rightward motion, or what the JFK assassination did for leftward motion. ...or not. - mutant
Watcher John reports... Zombie gives up brains, seeks record sales instead (Austin, Texas) It has been established that persons who have recently died have been returning to life and selling records. Wide spread investigation of reports from funeral homes, morgues, and hospitals has concluded that the unburied dead are coming back to life and seeking record contracts. It's hard for us here to believe what we're reporting to you, but it does seem to be a fact... Another "Save Roky" event at Waterloo Records... Friday, January 9th - Roky Erickson 5PM - SIGNING ONLY (what else can they expect?) Waterloo Records & Video Inc. 600A. North Lamar Blvd. Austin, Texas 78703 Erickson dot com Roky Erickson dot net ...wish I could be there.
Gentlemen! We have called you together to inform you that we are going to overthrow the United States government. ( via )
Project Genesis: Internal Corporate Correspondence To: General Director Jehovah From: Lucifer, Head of System Technology Department After the increase in the orbital radius, all attempts to accelerate the planet to specified velocity have consistently lead to a system crash. (The planet escapes from orbit into outer space.) By the way, the nighttime luminary exhibits the same behavior. Comments: The internal behavior of the system is irrelevant. We must deliver on the user experience. Why not make the planet revolve around its own axis? The user will then think that both the Sun and the Moon are orbiting it with the speeds originally specified. -- Gabriel Won't the user catch on? -- Jehovah Even if he does, it won't be til' the project is long delivered. -- Gabriel Agreed. -- Jehovah ( via )
Framed: America's Patsy Tradition The manipulations of the powerful have denied the powerless due process throughout history. These four cases are but the tip of the judicial iceburg, so to speak. Until people are generally made aware of the distortive nature of our history and how power has and can be abused, even in a country like the USA, no one is trully safe!
Col. Donn de Grand-Pre on Alex Jones The trigger for the 911 activity was the imminent and unstoppable world-wide financial collapse which can only be prevented temporarily by a major war, perhaps to become known as World War III. To bring it off one more time, martial law will probably be imposed in the United States. ( via )
Earth almost put on impact alert Bush would not have known where it would impact - only somewhere in the Northern Hemisphere. Experts would have been bouncing radar signals off the huge rock as he spoke in order to get more information about its trajectory.
Smoke really does kill ( via )
Bin Laden 'surrounded' "The timing of that order will ultimately depend on President Bush," the paper says. "Capturing bin Laden will certainly be a huge help for him as he gets ready for the election." ( via ) Bin Laden 'boxed in' by US soldiers The US special forces are "absolutely confident" there is no escape for bin Laden and are waiting for the order to snatch the shadowy terrorist leader. The timing of that order will ultimately depend on President George Bush, the report says. "Capturing bin Laden will certainly be a huge help for him as he gets ready for the election. "It will be an even bigger bonus than getting Saddam." ( via )
American Samizdat: Discovering Fundamentalism This is what we have leading our nation now. The pathologically paranoid. This is why we pathologically exaggerate our national threats. Because we are ruled by the insane.
"The voices! They never stop! 'Kill! Kill! Kill!'" ( via )
WE WENT TO WAR WITH THE WORLD AND ALL WE GOT WAS THIS LOUSY OCCUPYING FORCE OF UN PEACEKEEPERS ( via )
Pentagon Preps for War in Space "This will certainly prompt China into actually moving forward" on space weapon plans of its own. The Russians are likely to respond with something as well." Russia Tests New Wonder Weapon "The flying vehicle changed both the altitude and direction of its flight. During the experiment conducted yesterday, we proved that it's possible to develop weapons that would make any missile defense useless."
A dark five-cent synthesis 1. The neocons will first try to do it legally... spread whatever version of "reality" suits their needs and results in a win at the ballot box. 2. Failing the chance to fool most of the people most of the time, they will turn to the Diebold voting machines. 3. What if, on the eve of the election in which a Democratic victory seemed unavoidable, there was a terrorist attack? And what if such attack warranted martial law and the cancellation of elections?
Sales of rat meat surge thanks to bird flu By the way, I noticed today that Jack In The Box has a new meal called 'Asian Chicken'... Do you think they are trying to be funny? ( via )
You may have defeated my Southern Hook Palm technique, but can you defeat the 1000 styles of Rumsfeld? ( via )
The Vomitus Maximus Museum In stead of creating art I eat luxury garbage and swill expensive wine so I can black out and forget how miserable and small I have allowed myself to become. Im lost in a thousand radioactive strip malls which glow piss yellow in the dark. Dirty brown cyclones of carbon monoxide and human feces swirl litter in parking lots. Im covered with the shit and dead skin of Hollywood.
Free Meat: Brother Ellis Freeman The easiest way is just read the paper. Every day there are people looking to give away dogs and cats and all kinds of animals. That's God's way of saying "Free meat to Godly home" . All they want is to get rid of it. If you look a lot you can even find pot bellied pigs or goats sometimes. Rabbits are easy to get in the summer since a lot of people get them around Easter and get tired of keeping them.
Constant Conflict There will be no peace. At any given moment for the rest of our lifetimes, there will be multiple conflicts in mutating forms around the globe. Violent conflict will dominate the headlines, but cultural and economic struggles will be steadier and ultimately more decisive. The de facto role of the US armed forces will be to keep the world safe for our economy and open to our cultural assault. To those ends, we will do a fair amount of killing.
Life After The Oil Crash Civilization as we know it is coming to an end soon. This is not the wacky conclusion of a religious cult, but rather the result of diligent analysis sourced by hard data and the scientists who study global Peak Oil and related geo-political events. ...the aftermath of Peak Oil will extend far beyond how much you will pay for gas. Simply stated, you can expect: war, starvation, economic collapse, possibly even the extinction of Homo sapiens. ( via )
Is there a point to a blog? Post-atomic.com: Beating the dead horse since 19somethingsomething...
The Children's Story The play praises patriotism, but the judges only saw teens cutting up an American flag. "For 10 years it's been clear that these flag desecration statutes are unconstitutional. What's especially ironic is that this is a pro-democracy, anti-totalitarianism play, and yet they're punished for using the flag as an example of what shouldn't be done in a totalitarian society." ( via ) The Chidren's Story A lot of [people] have referred to this book as being against the backdrop of the Cold War, but the sad thing is that since the end of the Cold War, the warnings of this book have become MORE and not less pertinent, (indeed, now say something stupid) as the hard left have used the ruse that Communism has collapsed to inject their values into all of us, like a bacillus, through the back door. (BWAHAHAHAHA!) (Seems to be a novel that brings out the idiot in some people. You know who you are.)
Culture, Religion, Apocalypse, and Middle East Foreign Policy Its hard to believe, but the Bush administrations foreign policy and the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq are influenced by the writings of a cave-dwelling hermit who had apocalyptic visions some 2000 years ago.
Conspiracies so vast Conspiracy theory was born in the Age of Enlightenment and has metastasized in the Age of the Internet. Why won't it go away? Are we living in a golden age of conspiracy theory? And if so, what stands behind this apparent upsurge in global anxiety? ( via )
Protozoo.com: Mutant v1.5 Digital Toy
Oh Shit or Where is the Missing Fertilizer? Since September, 2002, at least 13,500 lbs of ammonium nitrate, a significant portion of it already prepared for explosive work by having diesel added to it, have been stolen from businesses across the country. None of these thefts have been reported solved to date.
Challenges for mankind survival The release of the Pentagon report, Imagining the Unthinkable , illustrates that even in the most restrictive political administrations there are those who will do the right thing.
Weird Science Unorthodox beliefs require replicable evidence... Psychic tip prompts bomb search on plane A self-described psychic's tip that a bomb might be on a plane prompted a search with bomb-sniffing dogs that turned up nothing suspicious, but forced the cancelation of the flight.
Congress Moves to Criminalize P2P The industries are pushing to portray P2P networks as dens of terrorists, child pornographers and criminals - that's you by the way - a strategy that would make it more palatable for politicians to pass laws against products that are very popular with their constituents.
Drivers Forced to Give Blood Samples at Unconstititonal Checkpoint In the past, police routinely asked suspected drunk drivers to blow into devices that extrapolated their blood's alcohol content from their breath. Now, authorities in most states are taking blood, by force if necessary. ( via ) Court Opens Door To Searches Without Warrants It's a groundbreaking court decision that legal experts say will affect everyone: Police officers in Louisiana no longer need a search or arrest warrant to conduct a brief search of your home or business. ( via )
Ukrainian missiles 'gone missing' The Ukrainian Defence Minister has said that several hundred of his country's missiles are unaccounted for. "Unfortunately strange things happen. We are currently looking for several hundred missiles. They were decommissioned, but we can't find them." ( via )
They reached the canal. It was long and straight and cool and wet and reflective in the night. "I've always wanted to see a Martian," said Michael. "where are they, dad? You promised." "There they are," said Dad, and he shifted Michael on his shoulder and pointed straight down. The Martians were there. Timothy began to shiver. The Martians were there -- in the canal -- reflected in the water, Timothy and Michael and Robert and Mom and Dad. The Martians stared back up at them for a long, long, silent time from the rippling water....
"Mel or Monty?" Monty Python's film The Life of Brian is to return to US cinemas next month following the success of The Passion of the Christ.
The Armageddon Plan Rumsfeld and Cheney were principal actors in one of the most highly classified programs of the Reagan Administration. Under it U.S. officials furtively carried out detailed planning exercises for keeping the federal government running during and after a nuclear war with the Soviet Union. The program called for setting aside the legal rules for presidential succession in some circumstances, in favor of a secret procedure for putting in place a new "President" and his staff. By the way... U.S. Planned Secret Government after Soviets Launched Sputnik in 1957 Worried that a Soviet attack could cripple the U.S. government, President Eisenhower secretly recruited six private citizens and granted them authority to run major components of the government in an emergency, according to recently publicized letters. "The president was planning for the unthinkable. He wanted to bring in the wisdom and competence to reinforce whatever elements of the government survived and provide some assurance that our government could not be decapitated."
Dennis Miller sucks hard South Knox Bubba pretty much sums it up for me... (Or maybe I should say, "that's just my opinion. I could be wrong.") (Nah...)
Closest encounter reported between asteroid, Earth If it had hit Earth it probably would have broken up in the atmosphere. Its shock wave could have been strong enough to break windows on the ground, but nothing like the disastrous climate-changing effects that could result from the impact of an asteroid more than a half-mile in diameter... Asteroid could have wiped out a city "If it had struck the Earth it would have created a crater some 300 metres in diameter. The blast force would be the equivalent of a small nuclear device. That could have wiped out a city, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties." ...an object of similar size fell to Earth in 1908 in Siberia, flattening 2,000 square kilometres of forest. June 2002... Space rock's close approach "...if an asteroid were to approach close to an imaginary line joining the Earth and the Sun it would never be visible in a night-time sky and would be quite impossible to discover with normal telescopes. Its arrival would come, literally, as a bolt from the blue." Largest asteroid in years misses Earth "It's a good thing it missed the Earth, because we never saw it coming. The asteroid wasn't discovered until three days after it passed its closest approach to our planet." July 2002... Hunt for Potentially Deadly Asteroids Underfunded Such funding could be used to first locate and track asteroids and comets, and later to find ways to defend Earth against the threats and eventually to use the space objects for the benefits of the Earths population... Asteroids 'could trigger nuclear war' The risk is seen as particularly grave if an asteroid blast were to happen in areas of military tension, such as over nuclear-armed neighbours India and Pakistan. Businessman offers cave shelter from asteroid "Children free. One week's food and lighting included." Scientists Call Asteroid Hype Unethical Rubbish ..."the British press just love these stories, but is almost never 'doom-and-gloom,' rather 'let's have a good time as long as it lasts!' It's a very dry, yet healthy sense of humor that can see the funny side even of the most serious problems we face as humans. The problem with many Americans is they lack this light-heartedness." Just a Bunch of Asteroid Holes We considered keeping (the asteroid discovery process) all under wraps. But then the conspiracy nuts would have come out of the woodwork. Not that they haven't anyway. August 2002... Ready to tackle Armageddon The idea is that the mission would tell scientists how hard they would have to hit a real rogue asteroid heading for Earth in order to deflect it safely. Cosmic airbag could save the planet A blast would risk splitting an asteroid or comet into dangerous fragments that would still head for Earth. It would be far better to send spacecraft to fly alongside the threatening object and inflate a giant bag, using gas produced by a chemical reaction. The spacecraft would then push the bag against the asteroid. October 2002... Humans to Mars as Priority ...human exploration is the key to the future of the human race. Data regarding asteroid impacts and the threat from super volcanoes are worries for humanity. We should be running scared in exploring the solar system with human beings. We should be running fast. November 2002... UK withdraws 'dirty' bomb warning A 'dirty bomb' terror warning issued by the British government has been withdrawn -- just 30 minutes after it was released. False alarms and early warning systems ...India and Pakistan are not yet in a hair-triggered situation, i.e., they do not have missiles loaded with nuclear warheads ready to be launched at a moments notice. However, this situation may well change in the years to come and the potential for nuclear war would increase tremendously. This would not necessarily be because someone intentionally decides to launch a nuclear attack on the other nation; it may be more likely to happen because an accident  such as misidentifying an asteroid impact as a nuclear explosion  could trigger off nuclear war.
Addressing the Unthinkable, U.S. Revives Study of Fallout The goal, officials and weapons experts both inside and outside the government say, is to figure out quickly who exploded such a bomb and where the nuclear material came from. That would clarify the options for striking back. Officials also hope that if terrorists know a bomb can be traced, they will be less likely to try to use one. ( via )
Lived any good books lately? El Centro is a novel that you will play out. Part novel, part game, part multimedia experience, part treasure hunt in real life. When will this all happen? You need not ask but rather, wait. There will be no obvious announcement, no fanfare, no pre-release one sheets. In fact, it may have already begun...
When he realized that he was unable to nail his other hand to the board, he called 911
The nuclear merit badge And so it was that with ingenuity and supplemental information from letters to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 17-year-old David gathered and refined - mostly from household products - enough radioactive material to make a crude breeder reactor in his backyard.
The Founding Fathers Were NOT Christians What influence in fact have Christian ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society? In many instances they have been upholding the thrones of political tyranny. In no instance have they been seen as the guardians of the liberties of the people. Rulers who wished to subvert the public liberty have found in the clergy convenient auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate liberty, does not need the clergy. - James Madison ( via )
War of the Words: Scientist Attacks Alien Claims Astronomer Philip Plait is tired of radio personality Richard Hoagland's claims. He's had enough of Hoagland's assertions that NASA is covering up evidence of extraterrestrial life, that the infamous Face on Mars was built by sentient aliens and, of late, that otherworldly machine parts are embedded in the red planet's dirt. "I've let this fester long enough," Plait wrote recently. "This kind of pseudoscience is like a virus. At low levels, it's no big deal, but when it reaches a certain threshold it becomes sickening." Nasa Running Scared: Shooting the Messenger A messenger is under attack. The message is being hidden. The message is, life has existed and may still exist beyond the earth. We know this now from scientific observation and the study of the data returned from both manned and unmanned missions into near-Earth space, to the moon and to the planets of our home solar system. This Hoagland Debunking Campaign should be seen, not as being a personal attack upon Hoagland, but as being a tactic in implementing the Brookings Report and keeping the official lid on the ET/life off Earth discoveries.
From an email, sent to me by the Illuminati... "Yet this one rule I advise you to observe, that you communicate vulgar secrets to vulgar friends, but higher and secret to higher, and secret friends only. Give hay to an ox, sugar to a parrot only; understand my meaning, lest you be trod under the oxen's feet, as oftentimes it falls out." -- John Tritemius, abbot of Saint James of Heriopolis, to Henry Cornelius Agrippa of Nettesheim
eBay item: Titan Missile Complex Built to withstand a 1 MEGATON blast within 3,000 feet and survive! Woohoo! Can I get a loan for 4 or 5 million?
Avoiding crash course in planetary defense "Why live with the frightening specter of nuclear bombs in space when we don't have to? We do not have to resort to 'blast and hope' for asteroid deflection. The alternative to 'push and know' is now emerging as a better alternative."
First, you kill the oldies "Killing off parents or contriving for them to be away is a technical problem of narrative, not a moral theme. If parents are there, how can the kids in the story realistically have an adventure? In the real world, the parents would stop them." ( via ) Kill your parents, have an adventure.
Buggeration If they did it here in America, they would lose their jobs, and suffer eternal damnation... ( via ) Don't give me that do-goody-good bullshit... See what I mean? ( via ) George Carlin Responds to Indecency Uproar "The whole problem with this idea of obscenity and indecency, and all of these things -- bad language and whatever -- it's all caused by one basic thing, and that is: religious superstition... Mix that with TV or radio, and you've got a problem." ( via )
Libertythink: Volleys fired in Infowars Gee, Professor Barkun, it sure doesn't 'look like' a 'conspiracy theory'... ( via )
The Nuclear Lullaby - What We Are Not Being Told (QuickTime) ...presents information which the US government has not divulged on Nuclear Proliferation, the use of Depleted Uranium, and the storage hazards and disposal of nuclear waste. ( via ) ...but if thats just too grim, have fun with "A Is For Atom, 1953" or other films in the archive. Doctor Atom willl explain all.
Hey look me over lend me an ear I'm a conservative
The Poor Man: New Bush Ad
David Icke on ITV's "This Morning" programme (RealMedia)
As the Worm Turns: Stern, Sully and the Bush Backlash Has anyone else noticed that, just in the last week since Stern's show was suspended, the guests on Coast To Coast AM, a Clear Channel program, have become more openly critical of the government? Maybe I'm seeing something that isn't there, that happens a lot, or maybe, George Noory and Art Bell have crossed over to the Stern camp and decided to stop playing nice with their masters. The Outer Limits: A Lone Voice in the Desert Lures 10 Million Listeners Bell is dressed entirely in black. As he talks about his vision of the future, his voice darkens, he scrunches his face so his skin bulges in tight horizontal folds. In his living room, the Weather Channel monitors the physical world. Suddenly the screen goes dark. Every light in the house flickers. The skies outside are clear. "See that?" he shouts, then nervously picks up his pack of Carltons. "That's what we deal with out here."
Everyone is visiting Post-atomic, thank you, Chapel Perilous ... including The Invisible College , Ollapodrida , Sauceruney , and Singlenesia . Hello... flakes all around?
American Samizdat: Laughter of the Gods "God understands that all men are evil, and the only way to achieve peace is through total war."
A Voyage To Arcturus: not cheap but can be had What's your price?
My Chernobyl Rides The word CHERNOBYL scares holly bijesus out of people here. If I tell someone that I am heading in "dead zone"... you know, what I hear.. In best case- "are you nuts?" My dad used to say that people afraid of a things which they don't know. Dad is nuclear physicist and he also says that of all dangerous things he can only think about one, which is riding on fifth or sixth gear on my bike...
Alex Jones to appear on Coast To Coast AM with George Noory - Thursday 03/11/04
The Passion of the Christ: Blooper Reel Christ, shackled to a stone, is being scourged by Roman soldiers. Blood runs down his gory back. His pain is palpable. Jesus: [writhes in pain, hands shaking] [Cell phone rings.] Jesus: [hands shake furiously] [Cell phone rings. Caviezel looks up, sheepish.] Roman soldier: Jim? That you? Jesus: Yeah. [Cell phone rings.] Soldier: Want me to get it? Jesus: Yeah. [Roman soldier gingerly reaches into Caviezels blood-soaked loincloth, pulls out phone and opens it, then holds the phone to Caviezels ear.] Off Camera: [laughter] Jesus: Hey, Mom. --- Volunteer: Let me down ! Oh God, the pain, the pain! Scientist: Be quiet and let me check your shroud...hmm...some blood, some sweat and filth, but no human image on the cloth yet. I guess you'll have to stay tied to the cross some more. Volunteer: But I've been hanging here for three days, please, get me down. The stab wound is really starting to hurt and all you've given me to drink is vinegar. The sun is really really hot, and this shroud is very itchy. Scientist: This is science, I must replicate the conditions exactly. Remember our lord had the shroud wrapped around him for 27 days. We're barely into the third day and you're already wimping out? You got your five dollars, so stay quiet! Volunteer: Oh, reputable scientific establishment...why have you forsaken me?
Best Practices for Time Travelers 7. Know your audience Do you really want to face down a discussion board full of paranoid libertarians and tell them that 2025 will see the birth of world government, universal health care for everyone, clean energy and a reduction in Third World debt? Zzzz... Or do you want to tell them to stockpile water, learn to clean their guns, not trust the government, and stay away from cities? ...hmmm, good point.
A detournment of lies Is the daily echo chamber that is the blogosphere reminiscent of a total reality vortex that reassures you that, yes, you are the centre of the universe, and damn all those who would suggest afterwise? If you had to start a weblog afresh, what approach would you take? Would you make it a true document of your thoughts and actions, or would it be yet another tickertape of everything that passes you by?
Jesus Freakin With the Almighty Power of God, along with a 21st century arsenal, you - Jesus Christ - are sent back to earth to kick some ass and take names...
Blogs to replace Remote Viewing This interest is a sign of how far Web media such as blogs have come in reshaping the data-collection habits of intelligence professionals and others, even with the knowledge that the accuracy of what's reported in some blogs is questionable. Just what we need, more questionable intelligence.
Atomic Bombing: How to Protect Yourself Each generation is born, lives and dies. The A-bomb, if it comes, like any disaster, will prune human lives. Finally each of us must die. It is a question of timing. Perhaps this book will save your life. Perhaps the world will work its way out of its present dangerous muddle without the use of A-bombs. Maybe monkeys will fly out my ass... Glory be to the Bomb and to the Holy Fallout. As it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be world with out end. Amen... My dear everlasting bomb come down among us, to make heaven under earth like the hour of darkness. Oh instrument of god. Grant us thy truth. The truth to define in us. Feel that truth and through that flicker... Let everyone go to his private shelter. Empty the streets. There to find the city of the dead. Let the blessing of the Bomb Almighty and the fellowship of the Holy Fallout descend on us all, this day and forever more... - Mutant Prayer, Beneath The Planet Of The Apes Atomic Culture: Is Duck and Cover Really Gone? ...videos show children or adults going about daily business and then with a flash of light signifying a nuclear explosion, ducking and covering under the nearest thing available, in one instance a picnic blanket. The illusion of safety is also driven home in videos instructing people to prepare nuclear shelters and stocking adequate foodstuffs to last until the radiation threat was gone. During the question and answer period many of those in attendance asked Loader how she thought the current information regarding terrorist attacks on TV relates to the government propaganda of the government in the 50s. In response, she admitted that some people have been provoked into hysteria and blind trust of government alerts.
World Conspiracy Chart Check it out, at your own risk... Mark Lombardi: Global (Conspiracy) Networks Lombardi's drawings are mandalas of conspiracy, flow charts of shady deals and shaky agents, and org charts of world-class con men, revealing the genealogy of wickedness in the highest places of corporate and government power. Artist Mark Lombardi (1951-2000), whose business card ironically read "Death Defying Acts of Art and Conspiracy," was found dead in his studio, officially declared a suicide in the police report. Or as government whistleblower Al Martin says, "The guy put together one chart too many."
Cosmic Deception: Let The Citizen Beware So here is the post-9/11 script - one that will be played out unless enough people are informed and the plan can be foiled because they will be unable to fool a sufficient number of citizens and leaders: By commingling fact with fiction, and by hoaxing UFO events that can look terrifying, the Plan is to eventually create a new, sustainable, off-planet enemy. And who will be the wiser?
Prophecy and Paranoia In more ways than one, the movie Minority Report could not have been better planned. Based on a 1956 Philip K. Dick short story of the same name, the flick has already managed to capture a political and cultural moment in the way that Wag the Dog illustrated the Clinton administration's foreign policy misadventures and The China Syndrome caught concerns about Three Mile Island. 2-3-74 and After: A Mystical and Paranormal Overview Seems plausible to us Seems that the addled Dick believed that some "covert organization" with neo-Nazi connections was trying to force him to place "coded information" into his books. In these letters to the FBI and the Marin County Sheriff, Dick reveals that he was contacted by one Solarcon-6...
Giant hotdog sparks Pentagon security alert The crew of a 27-foot-long hot dog on wheels have been questioned by police after straying on to a restricted road near the Pentagon. The Story of Moosylvania Jay said, "We're here to see President Kennedy. We want statehood for Moosylvania." And the guy said, "Turn around and get out of here!" And Jay said, "You know, you could be civil. I mean-" I said, "Jay, turn around!" "No. I don't like his attitude." Of course the guy then started to unbuckle his revolver. And I panicked. "Jay, let's get out of here!" And Jay didn't like his attitude. "Well, I will, but I mean the man is absolutely rude." And we turned around and left.
Stalin vs. Hitler The Authorized Annotated Translation The comics  2000 by Alexey Lipatov. Please don't steal too hard. It upsets the artist. Joseph Stalin is  & TM by the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks). Inappropriate usage will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law with expelling from the Party and ten years of hard labor. Adolf Hitler is  & TM by the National Socialist German Workers' Party. Inappropriate usage will be reported to the appropriate authorities. We cannot guess what they are gonna do, but it will definitely be something unpleasant as well. ( via )
Ted Koppel: Nightline Prepares US for Martial Law Nightline's very efficient use of Richard Clarke to prepare elite viewers for martial law is leading other observers on the Net to reluctantly conclude the merciless Bush Regime is actively planning the catalyst for their own Armagaddon Plan.
Coast To Coast AM: Secret Societies Alex Jones, Linda Moulton Howe, Jim Marrs, and Steve Quayle will be having a round table discussion about secret societies, for the entire 4-hour show.
First Foreigners, Then Americans ...the pattern of government responses to national security is to first target foreign nationals and then later to expand those tactics to Americans.
The Lone Gunmen Episode 1: available for download... In which the intrepid conspiracy theorists, led by Byers not-so-dead father, stop the events of 9-11 six months before they happen... Is this just a case of life imitating art, or did Carter and his associates know something about the upcoming attacks?
www.khaaan.com ( via )
The Gospel of Supply Side Jesus ...an excerpt from Al Franken's Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them ( via ) ...also... The Jesus Christ Action Figure with Walk-On-Water Action!
Pseudoconservatism Revisited The pseudo-conservative is a man who, in the name of upholding traditional American values and institutions and defending them against more or less fictitious dangers , consciously or unconsciously aims at their abolition... ...the intellectual deterioration in the movement is so evident that it may be appropriate to consider the proposition that as a political platform, the so-called conservative movement is no longer conservative in any principled or systematic sense. ( via )
Area 51 Microbiologist Ready to Talk Dr. Dan Burisch, who is in lock-down, working with the Lotus project, seeks immunity to stand before a Congressional hearing or other appropriate public body, to disclose his first-hand knowledge , with proof , of U.S. government involvement in designer viruses and other black-ops. ( via )
What is the ID SNIPER rifle? Sometimes it is difficult to engage the enemy in the streets without causing damage to the all important image of the state. Instead EMPIRE NORTH suggests to mark and identify a suspicious subject on a safe distance, enabeling the national law enforcement agency to keep track on the target through a satellite in the weeks to come. ( via )
Festival Takes Stock of Old Films Festival operators pore over films in the online Prelinger Archives and choose a mishmash of films that are then combined and pared down to a 40-minute tape . Entrants must create a short film, limited to three minutes, using the footage provided. They can manipulate the films however they like and add dialogue, titles and music. All that's required is a computer with video-editing software and the $20 entry fee. For example...?
Robots May Fight for the Army The robots will detect the presence of chemical and biological weapons, identify targets for artillery and infantrymen, and ferret out snipers hiding inside urban buildings.
They're coming to take me away, ha ha! The former CEO at Enron has been picked up by New York City police and taken to a hospital -- because of some behavior that made them think he might be "emotionally disturbed." Jeffrey Skilling had allegedly been running up to patrons at bars and pulling open their clothes -- shouting that they were FBI agents who were following him. ( via )
Wal-Mart Troops Meeting Resistance In Inglewood INGLEWOOD, California - AP Reporters embedded with the SAM-17 division of Wal-Mart report that they have completely surrounded the Los Angeles suburb of Inglewood. Fighting broke out when the anti-Wal-Mart rebels holding the town forced the Californians living there to sign petitions denouncing Wal-Mart. "We saw an area of the world unable to benefit from our low, low prices," stated General Lionel Walton, "So we moved in. We have a duty, as the de facto price-police of the world, to act." "Nobody forced me to sign anything," Alversia Carmouche, a beauty shop owner, told reporters after the battle, "I don't want a Wal-Mart store here. I think it would be bad for our local economy." Other citizens expressed similar opinions, citing the closure of local businesses due to the price pressure Wal-Mart could bring. Wal-Mart strategists dismissed the arguments. "These people are in the grip of their powerful city council. The leader of that group, Alice Stahnni, has fomented hatred among the populace for us and our great values. The people are effectively brain-washed," said Major-General Carlton Walton, "When we finally defeat these rebels -- and we will defeat them -- the populace will see that they are safe from the high-prices of their local businesses and they will welcome us as liberators." News of the failed attempt to take Inglewood drove Wal-Mart stock down $2 a share. ( via )
Blazing mystery is straight from the X-Files An endless flow of scientists, engineers, police and even a few self-styled ghostbusters have descended on the town, searching for clues to the recent spontaneous combustion of everything from fuse boxes to microwave ovens to a car.
The Ends of the Earth: 5 reasons why the planet is going to hell Exploratory all-terrain vehicles are capering around Mars, yet our own planet remains bafflingly alien. We're Mother Earth's children and we think we know her well, but whenever some unexpected phenomenon rouses our curiosity, we uncover disturbing aspects of her secret life. Lately, the rush of peculiar discoveries has been downright embarrassing. Let's consider some of Mom's eccentricities - and their implications.
Put on your peril-sensitive sunglasses and click here... NSA: UFO Documents Index The documents listed on this page were located in response to the numerous requests received by NSA on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO).
February 2002.... When the Army Owns the Weather ...news that the government is engaged in secret experiments to control the weather should come as no surprise - especially after a long history of "cloud seeding," "atom splitting" and cloning revelations. The grid patterns of jet chemtrails now spotted throughout the Western world are likely the application of these technologies to new military and civilian uses. The military is not attempting to hide its long-term goals. "Weather is a Force Multiplier: Owning the Weather in 2025" is a white paper that can be found on a Pentagon-sponsored website. ...weather-modification is a force multiplier with tremendous power that could be exploited across the full spectrum of war-fighting environments. From enhancing friendly operations or disrupting those of the enemy via small-scale tailoring of natural weather patterns to complete dominance of global communications and counter-space control, weather-modification offers the war fighter a wide-range of possible options to defeat or coerce an adversary. But, while offensive weather-modification efforts would certainly be undertaken by US forces with great caution and trepidation, it is clear that we cannot afford to allow an adversary to obtain an exclusive weather-modification capability. June 2002.... Climate 'future health threat' Outbreaks of human malaria, butterflies beset with parasites, disease-stricken corals, and trees overgrown with fungus. That is the gloomy picture of tomorrow's planet painted by scientists in the United States. Climate change linked to disease epidemics A warmer world is in all likelihood going to be a sicker world for everything from trees to marine life to people, according to a new report by a panel of US scientists. But opponents remain unconvinced there is sufficient evidence to support the conclusion. October 2002.... Tree farms won't halt climate change CarboEurope's researchers have discovered that when ground is cleared for forest planting, rotting organic matter in the soil releases a surge of CO2 into the air. 